
> From: Ming-Tang Chen <mchen@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> Subject: Position post
> Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2006 17:59:13 -1000
> To: Ming-Tang Chen <mchen@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>

Dear Colleagues,

The ASIAA receiver lab and the AMiBA team need your help.  Could you  
help us to circulate these positions?  Or it would be greatly  
appreciate if you could help to post it in your department  BBS?   
Thanks a lots.

Best Regards,

----------------------
Position one:
Telescope Testing/operator, AMiBA. Academia Sinica, Institute of  
Astronomy and Astrophysics. The Array for Microwave Background  
Anisotropy project is looking for ONE (1) full-time employees for the  
AMiBA telescope testing and operations.  The positions will be based  
in Hilo, Hawaii, in the facility of the ASIAA Hawaii Operations.   
Continuation of employment is dependent upon program/operational  
needs, satisfactory work performance, and availability of funds.
Salary level: is in accordance with AS system, with extra supplement  
and benefits for living in Hawaii.


Duties: Assist the testing and the telescope operation of the Array  
for the Microwave Background Anisotropy (AMiBA).  May also assist  
engineering and scientific staff in the array testing as necessary.   
Major duties include carrying out routine and unplanned pointing  
tests on the AMiBA telescope, provide service in characterizing and  
analyzing the pointing data based on the existing model and  
knowledge; telescope driving software implementation, modifications,  
and upgrades; documentation of the telescope pointing quality.

Qualifications:

Education: Bachelor degree or higher, in science or engineering  
department.  Major in physical science is preferred.  Astronomy  
background with strong interest in cosmology is a plus.

Experience: One year of hand-on experience in astronomical  
observation related training.  One or more years of work experience  
with professional astronomical observatory is a plus.

Abil/Know/Skills: Familiar with programming skill under Linux and  
Window environment.  Proficient in GUI interface programming is a  
plus.  Must hold a valid, current driving license and be able to  
drive 4-wheel drive vehicles with manual transmission.  Able to  
provide clear and concise self-expression in Englishâ^À^Ó verbal and  
written.

Desirable Qualifications: Must be able to work at 11,000 feet, and  
pass a high-altitude medical examination. Able to communicate in  
Mandarin is a plus

Inquiries: Ming-Tang Chen (808) 961-2931 (Hawaii). Or e-mail:  
mchen@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw.  For application, please e-mail your  
resume, and a cover letter concerning this position application.    
The closing date for these positions is April 30, 2006.


Position Two:
å^Ü^Ëé^Ø²å½¹:
For those who interested in astronomical instrumentation, we still  
have two military reserve positions opened for you.  We are looking  
for talented person who desires to participate in forefront  
experiments.  You would get the opportunity to work in a team who has  
been conducting main-stream science experiments in astronomy.  Please  
hurry up!  Time is running out for this year.  Please contact Ming- 
Tang Chen for further details, or write to mchen@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw.


