
> From: "Mike J. Cai" <mike.cai@gmail.com>
> To: <astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> Subject: TIARA winter school on Astrophysical Black Holes
> Date: Tue, 26 Sep 2006 09:29:22 -0700

Dear Yi-Jehng,

Can you post this announcement on TAN?  Thanks.

Best,

Mike

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Colleagues,

It is our pleasure to announce the winter school on "Astrophysical Black
Holes" hosted by The Theoretical Institute for Advanced Research in
Astrophysics (TIARA).  It will take place on Jan 29 - Feb 2, 2007 on the
campus of National Tsing Hua University in Hsinchu, Taiwan.

TIARA was established in 2004 to provide an integrated world class program
of research and education in theoretical astrophysics and aims to coordinate
efforts of researchers and the training of future theoretical
astrophysicists throughout Taiwan and Asia. It serves as an international
center of excellence where forefront research can be intimately integrated
into the graduate education of Taiwan's universities and academic
institutions (see http://www.tiara.sinica.edu.tw for a general introduction
and a list of recent activities).

The aim of this winter school is to give an expository overview of black
holes and their roles in astrophysics.  The tentative lecture topics include
(but not limited to) fundamentals of General Relativity, black hole
spacetimes, gravitational collapse, accretion disks, relativistic
magnetohydrodynamics and other physical processes in strongly curved
spacetime, and gravitational radiation.  The confirmed lecturers are Patrick
Brady, Mike Cai, Paul Ho, Albert Kong, Joe Shields, Paul Wiita, Kinwah Wu,
and Hwei Jang Yo.

As in previous years, TIARA will provide local support for up to 50 graduate
or advanced undergraduate students from within Taiwan and internationally.
Further information and online registration can be found at
https://www.tiara.sinica.edu.tw/activities/winterschool/2007/.

Best,

Mike Cai on behalf of the SOC
Mike J. Cai, Hsiang-Kuang Chang, Ronald Taam, and Hwei-Jang Yo.

