
> Date: Fri, 11 Aug 2006 13:53:57 +0800 (CST)
> From: Tatsuhiko Hasegawa <hasegawa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
> Subject: Call for proposals for SMA (ASIAA time)

Call for SMA proposals for 2006B

Dear Colleagues,

Proposals are solicited for the ASIAA time of the Submillimeter
Array (SMA) for the period from November 6th, 2006, to April 30th,
2007.  Those who are affiliated to Taiwanese universities or
Taiwanese research institutes are eligible to apply for the ASIAA
SMA time as a principal investigator (PI).

The deadline for proposal submission for the ASIAA SMA time
for the next semester is September 8 (Friday), 2006, 4AM in the
morning (Taiwan time).  (The deadline corresponds to September 7
(Thursday), 2006, 10AM HST in Hawaii, USA.)

All SMA proposals must be submitted through the SMA submission
facility (https://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/propose.html).
When submitting your proposal, please make sure to select
"ASIAA" as your destination TAC in the submission web page.
Please submit your proposal early.  If you encounter any technical
problem with the submission facility, please contact TATSUHIKO
HASEGAWA (hasegawa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw).

For technical information on the SMA, please visit
    http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/proposing.html .
For Taiwan and ASIAA specific aspects (including the ASIAA
proposal selection process and the amount of available
observing time), please visit
    http://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/~SMART/ .

The SMA is a complex instrument.  Consultation or collaboration
with those who are familiar with the SMA is highly recommended.
Contact points for consultations are also found in the above
web page.

Additional messages from the ASIAA SMA TAC

In order to encourage PhD students to use the SMA, the ASIAA SMA TAC
will make some considerations to proposals for PhD thesis projects in
the coming round of proposal selection.  If a PhD student (as PI) and
the supervisor (as co-investigator, Co-I) have a definite plan to use
the proposed SMA observations as a main material for the student's PhD
thesis, please state so in the proposal (in the Technical Justification
part of the proposal).  Additional supporting statements [such as the
total amount of observations planned and the timeline (over a few years)
for data acquisition, data processing, data analysis, and thesis writing]
would also help the ASIAA SMA TAC understand the situation for the PhD
candidate and supervisor.

In order to make efficient use of SMA data, the ASIAA SMA TAC will expect
Co-Is to follow up the analysis and publication of already executed or
allocated projects under a PI who becomes unable to do the work for
various reasons.  Potential co-investigators should be aware of their
possible responsibilities or obligations.  PIs should make best efforts
to obtain a consent before putting someone's name on a proposal as a
Co-I.

Sincerely,

Tatsuhiko Hasegawa
ASIAA SMA TAC Chair
--

