
> Date: Wed, 27 Sep 2006 14:02:12 +0800 (CST)
> From: "Pauchy W-Y.Hwang" <wyhwang@phys.ntu.edu.tw>
> To: twhepnet@hepmail.phys.sinica.edu.tw, <astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> Subject: CosPA 2006 Int'l Symposium

Dear My Young Colleagues:

     The active researches in "experimental" Cosmology is just beginning
(in less than ten years). This field, coupled with particle astrophysics
on the one hand and string theory on the other, would occupy the scenario
in the interrim of physics and astrophysics for decades to come.

     The hotness of the subject is testified by the participation of the
younger-generation colleagues from Japan and Korea (both about 10). I
think that my young colleagues should not miss the boat - we, like those
in the United States, should contribute to this important field of
science.

     I would like to extend my cordial invitation to you to attend the
CosPA 2006 International Symposium (see the enclosure). If you would like
to speak at the meeting, the slots become limited but you should try. The
registration fee is $3,000NT (a half for students) is mainly for the
published proceedings - including the banquet at the 101 building.

     Of course, even the participation is limited.

                                  Best wishes, Pauchy
-------------------------------------------------------------------
2006 International Symposium on Cosmology and Particle Astrophysics
    National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan
    November 15-17, 2006


                            FINAL ANNONCEMENT (as of September 15, 2006)

Dear Colleagues,
   As we human being venture into the 21st Century, it just so happens
uniquely that the human race is becoming capable of making use of their
hi-tech's to explore what is going on at the edge of our Universe or,
equivalently, what had happened much early on at the early universe, i.e.
shortly after the Big Bang. This has stiffened the competitions among
astronomers and particle physicists in their vigorous pursuits for the true
theory of cosmology, such pursuits being un-imaginable even a decade ago.
Here in Taiwan and especially at the Research Center for Cosmology and
Particle Astrophysics (CosPA Center), National Taiwan University, we wish to
actively join the crusade of the scientists worldwide in this pursuit of the
observation-based cosmology. The CosPA center will organize a series of
symposia, the one in question being the 2006 International Symposium on
Cosmology and Particle Astrophysics (CosPA2006), from November 15 to
November 17, 2006 in Taipei, Taiwan.
   The CosPA2006 is the third conference of this nature. In the past, we
successfully organized CosPA2002 and CosPA2003. The conferences provided a
very important forum for exchanging ideals and learn new techniques. We hope
to continue this important activity and hope that it would become an
important tradition. There will be invited review lectures, invited talks,
contributed talks, and poster presentations.
We are looking forward to seeing you.

Sincerely yours,
W-Y. Pauchy Hwang, National Taiwan University

Conference Venue:
International Conference Hall, Department of Physics, National Taiwan
University

Registration:
Online registration is available on the workshop website.  In order to keep
being informed of important updates on the workshop's website, such as the
workshop program, travel information, etc., we strongly recommend that you
first fill out the registration form.  If you have any problem on the
online registration, please copy a registration form to send it directly
to the workshop secretariat by e-mail or FAX.
Participants requiring a formal invitation letter, please contact the
workshop secretariat.

Registration fee:
The registration fee (USD$100 / NTD$ 3,000) covers the publishing of the
proceedings,
the banquet, and the dinner. It will be paid in full by cash at the site
registration desk.

Accommodations:
To make reservation, please fill out a reservation form downloaded on the
website to send it to the workshop secretariat directly not later than
October 31th.

Important Deadline:
* Registration: Oct. 15, 2006
* Reservation of the accommodation: Oct. 31, 2006

Conference Topics:
CMB Cosmology: Anisotropy, Polarizations, SZ Surveys, and Large-Scale
Structures.
Dark Matter and Dark Energy: Dark matter physics, Quintessence, the
Cosmological Constant, and Extra Dimension.
Neutrino Cosmology, including Neutrino Mixings and Oscillations.
Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays.
Inflation and New Physics: Inflation, Noncommutative Geormetry, Branes and
Extra dimensions.

Keynote Speakers:
Francois Bouchet (IAP, France) - on Planck
*Jim Cronin (U. Chicago, USA)
Olivier Dore (Princeton, USA) - on WMAP
*Alan Guth (MIT, USA)
Ernest M. Henley (Washington, USA)
Anthony Zee (UCSB, USA)

Invited Speakers (foreign):
Robert Brandenberger (McGill, Canada)
Pisin Chen (SLAC, USA)
*Alexander Friedland (LANL, USA)
Andrew H. Jaffe (Imperial, UK)
*Mikkel B. Johnson (LANL, USA)
Hyungdo Kim (Seoul National University, Korea)
Sang-Pyo Kim (Kunsan National University, Korea)
Leonard S. Kisslinger (CMU, USA)
Taka Kajino (Tokyo, Japan)
Hyun Kyu Lee (Hanyang, Korea)
Jounghun Lee (SNU, Korea)
Miao Li (CAS, China)
Bruce H. J. McKellar (Melbourne, Australia)
Sandip Pakvasa (Hawaii, USA)
Changbom Park (KIAS, Korea)
Tae-Sun Park (KIAS, Korea)
Ue-Li Pen (CITA, Canada)
Jeffrey Peterson (CMU, USA)
Paul Richards (Berkeley, USA)
Joseph Silk (Oxford, UK)
Naoshi Sugiyama (Nagoya University, Japan)
*Ronald Taam (Northwestern, USA)
Ray Volkas (Melbourne, Australia)
John Webb (UNSW, Australia)
*T. Yanagida (Tokyo, Japan)
Jongmann Yang (Ewha University, Korea)
Jun'ichi Yokoyama (Tokyo, Japan)
Pengjie Zhang (CAS, China)

Invited Speakers (domestic):
C. T. Chan (THU)
Chiang-Mei Chen (NCU)
*Tzihong Chiueh (NTU)
Je-An Gu (NCTS)
Xiao-Gang He (NTU)
*Paul T. P. Ho (AS)
*Pei-Ming Ho (NTU)
*Yee Bob Hsiung (NTU)
W-Y. Pauchy Hwang (NTU)
Seokcheon Lee (AS)
Wo-Lung Lee (NTNU)
*G. L. Lin (NCTU)
Guo-Chin Liu (AS)
Kin-Wang Ng (AS)
Keiichi Umetsu (AS)
*Wen-Yu Wen (NTU)
Jiun-Huei Proty Wu (NTU)
Hwei-Jang Yo (NCKU)

International Advisory Committee:
John D. Barrow (Cambridge, UK)
Francois Bouchet (IAP, France)
Pisin Chen (SLAC, USA)
Tzi-Hong Chiueh (NTU, Taiwan)
John R. Ellis (CERN, Switzerland)
Ernest M. Henley (Seattle, USA)
Paul Ho (ASIAA, Taiwan)
W-Y. Pauchy Hwang (Co-Chair, NTU, Taiwan)
Andrew H. Jaffe (Imperial, UK)
Hyun Kyu Lee (Hanyang, Korea)
Andrew R. Liddle (Sussex, UK)
Bruce H. J. McKellar (Melbourne, AU)
Sandip Pakvasa (Hawaii, USA)
Jeffrey Peterson (CMU, USA)
Paul Richards (Berkeley, USA)
Katsuhiko Sato (RESCEU, Japan)
Frank H. Shu (UCSD, USA)
Joeph Silk (Oxford, UK)
George Smoot (Berkeley, USA)
Ronald Taam (Co-Chair,TIARA & Northwestern)

Local Organizing Committee:
Je-An Gu, NCTS
Xaio-Gang He, NTU (Scientific Secretary)
Pei-Ming Ho, NTU
Chih-Hsin Huang, NTU (Administrative Secretary)
W-Y. Pauchy Hwang, NTU (Co-Chair)
Guey-Lin Lin, NCTU
Kin-Wang Ng, AS (Co-Chair)
Jiun-Huei Proty Wu, NTU

This Conference is one of Asia Pacific Center for Theoretical Physics
(APCTP) External Activities.

Conference Webpage:
http://www.cospa.ntu.edu.tw/cospa2006/

Travel Information:
You can find the detail of travel information on the workshop website.


VISA to TAIWAN:
The participant who requires the entry VISA for TAIWAN should consult
with the Embassy or the Consulate of Republic of China (Taiwan) in his/her
country. The workshop secretariat, Ms. Chih-Hsin Huang
<chhuang@phys.ntu.edu.tw>
will issue the invitation letter and the documents requisite for VISA
application to you.

Contact Information:
Co-chair
Prof. W-Y. Pauchy Hwang
Department of Physics, National Taiwan University, Taipei 106, Taiwan
Tel: +886-2-33665189
Fax: +886-2-23655473
E-mail: chhuang@phys.ntu.edu.tw

