
> From: "K-W Ng" <nkw@phys.sinica.edu.tw>
> To: twhepnet@hepmail.phys.sinica.edu.tw, astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
> Subject: new Kavli institutes in China
> Date: Thu, 3 Aug 2006 10:52:47 +0800

The Kavli Institute for Astronomy and Astrophysics at Peking University and 
the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics China at the Chinese Academy of 
Sciences Will Be Part of a Dozen-Strong Worldwide Network 


BEIJING -- (MARKET WIRE) -- 06/18/2006 -- In an effort to advance research in 
theoretical physics and astrophysics, the Kavli Foundation will fund two new 
scientific institutes in China, it announced here today. The Kavli Institute 
for Astronomy and Astrophysics at Peking University and the Kavli Institute 
for Theoretical Physics China at the Chinese Academy of Sciences will join a 
network of ten existing Kavli Institutes around the world dedicated to 
furthering scientific knowledge in astrophysics, nanoscience and 
neuroscience. 

"Through the ages, China has contributed immensely to science and 
technology," said industrialist Fred Kavli, founder of the Kavli 
Foundation. "We are pleased to recognize the dedicated pursuit of excellence 
in China's fast growing research enterprise today and participate in its 
future potential. I am confident that these two institutes will make 
important contributions to science." 

The Kavli Institute for Astronomy and Astrophysics at Peking University will 
carry out fundamental research on the origin and evolution of astrophysical 
structures, from planetary systems to the universe as a whole. It will serve 
as a center of excellence within China and the Pacific Rim region, acting as 
a role model for promoting basic scientific research in China at the highest 
international standards, and as a bridge between the scientific communities 
of the emerging world and those of the developed countries. 

The Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics China at the Chinese Academy of 
Sciences will have important national and international roles. Nationally, it 
will coordinate basic research on theoretical physics in China and facilitate 
interaction between theory and experiment, as well as promote research in 
interdisciplinary areas among physics and other branches of science. 
Internationally, it will host international conferences, workshops, summer 
schools, guest scientist and visitor programs, which will promote the 
interaction of Chinese scientists with their counterparts in other countries. 

"We are extremely pleased to launch these two new institutes as part of the 
expanding worldwide network of Kavli Research Institutes," said David Auston, 
president of the Kavli Foundation. "As new centers of excellence in China's 
growing research enterprise, each will contribute in important ways to 
developments in the fields of astronomy and astrophysics and theoretical 
physics, both in China and worldwide through their linkages with other Kavli 
Institutes." 

About the Kavli Foundation 

Dedicated to the advancement of science for the benefit of humanity, the 
Kavli Foundation supports scientific research, honors scientific achievement, 
and promotes public understanding of scientists and their work through an 
international program of research institutes, prizes, professorships, and 
symposia in the fields of astrophysics, nanoscience and neuroscience. 
Established in 2000, its headquarters are in Oxnard, California. 

The other ten Kavli Institutes are the Kavli Institute for Theoretical 
Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara; the Kavli Institute 
for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology at Stanford University; the Kavli 
Institute for Cosmological Physics at the University of Chicago; the Kavli 
Institute for Astrophysics and Space Research at the Massachusetts Institute 
of Technology; the Kavli Nanoscience Institute at Caltech; the Kavli 
Institute at Cornell for Nanoscale Science; the Kavli Institute of 
Nanoscience at Delft University of Technology in Holland; the Kavli Institute 
for Neuroscience at Yale University; the Kavli Institute for Brain Science at 
Columbia University; and the Kavli Institute for Brain and Mind at the 
University of California, San Diego. 

More information can be found at www.kavlifoundation.org 

