
> Date: Fri, 20 Jan 2006 16:20:11 -0800
> From: Max Bernstein <mbernstein@mail.arc.nasa.gov>
> Subject: COSPAR2006 call for abstracts
 

Dear Friends,

The 36th Scientific Assembly of the Committee on Space Research 
(COSPAR) Beijing, China
16 - 23 July 2006 will bring together approximately 2000 scientists 
and engineers from all over the world to present their latest results 
in 82 symposia and special events covering all areas of space science.

As you may know we are having a special COSPAR symposium (F3.2) on 
Interstellar/Protostellar Organic Chemistry.

This session is about extraterrestrial organic molecules relevant to 
the rise, survival, or search for life. We are soliciting 
presentations of work in the following areas: 1) The identification 
or quantification of organic molecules in space, or the 
characterization of such compounds to facilitate their identification 
or quantification in space; 2) Studies of the physical or chemical 
processes that form, modify, or destroy organic molecules in a wide 
range of extraterrestrial environments. These processes may be either 
gas-phase, solid state, or liquid phase reactions  relevant to an 
extraterrestrial environment; 3) Studies of extraterrestrial samples 
and/or how they relate to the first two areas, or how they put 
constraints on relevant astrophysical conditions.

These may include observational, theoretical, or experimental studies 
of circumstellar, interstellar, nebular, parent body, ejection, and 
delivery processes as they relate to organic compounds. The emphasis 
may be on exogenous organics either as a source of specific compounds 
or reduced carbon that may be of pre-biotic importance, or the 
distribution of non-biological molecules in extraterrestrial 
environments that may be observed during the search for chemical 
biomarkers in space.

I encourage early-career scientists (graduate students, post-docs) 
who are active in research to submit an abstract. When selecting 
speakers, we will consider the ability to present clearly and speak 
comfortably in English. There will also be a poster session. This is 
a special opportunity for post-doctoral fellows, graduate students 
and perhaps even undergraduates  to present their work to an 
international audience, and to publish in an international 
peer-reviewed journal.

Abstract submission http://tinyurl.com/cslom

Abstract deadline:  17 February 2006

Scientific program and abstract instructions:
http://meetings.copernicus.org/cospar2006/

Registration and hotel reservations:
http://www.cospar2006.org/

Early registration deadline:  15 May 2006


We look forward to your participation in the Assembly.

Yours sincerely,

Max Bernstein & Monika Kress

