From kuan Thu May  6 14:06:55 1999
Return-Path: <kuan>
Received: by iaa17.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw (5.x/SMI-SVR4)
	id AA28053; Thu, 6 May 1999 14:00:48 +0800
Date: Thu, 6 May 1999 14:00:48 +0800
From: kuan (Yi-Jehng Kuan)
Message-Id: <9905060600.AA28053@iaa17.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Errors-To: kuan@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Subject: DIAMONDS IN SPACE???
Content-Length: 3777
Status: RO

Dear TANists,

Here is an interesting news from a recent press release of ESA 
on "DIAMONDS IN SPACE". I am happy to pass it around because one
of the main contributors is a member of TAN -- Prof. Sun Kowk.
(please check http://www.esa.int)

Enjoy.

Yi-Jehng

------------------------------------------------------------------------

ASTRONOMERS DEBATE DIAMONDS IN SPACE

Most chemical elements in the Universe are produced in the stars, and thus
the stars' environments act as huge chemical factories. The European Space
Agency's infrared space telescope, ISO, has detected, in the dust
surrounding a star, the chemical signature of a mysterious compound made of
carbon, whose nature is being actively debated by astronomers all over the
world. While some say it could be a very tiny diamond, others think it is
the famous football-shaped molecule called "fullerene" or "buckyball". If
either of these hypotheses is confirmed it will be interesting news for
industry as well.
...

Astronomers think these ISO results will help solve the mystery of the true
nature of the compound. Their publication by two different groups, from
Spain and Canada, has triggered a debate on the topic, both in astronomy
institutes and in chemistry laboratories. At present, mixed teams of
astrophysicists and chemists are investigating in the lab compounds whose
chemical signature or "fingerprint" matches that detected by ISO.

Neither diamonds nor fullerenes have ever been detected in space, but their
presence has been predicted. Tiny diamonds of pre-solar origin --older than
the Solar System-- have been found in meteorites, which supports the as yet
unconfirmed theory of their presence in interstellar space. The fullerene
molecule, made of 60 carbon atoms linked to form a sphere (hence the name
"buckyball"), has also been extensively searched for in space but never
found.

A textbook case

The latest star in which the compound has been found is called IRAS
16594-4656. Like the others, it's a carbon-rich star now in the process of
dying. It has been blasting out huge amounts of material over the last
thousand years, becoming enclosed within a shell of dust hundreds of times
larger than the Solar System --a structure called a "protoplanetary nebula".
...

ESA astronomer Pedro Garcia-Lario at the ISO Data Centre in Villafranca,
Madrid. His group published their results in the March 10 issue of the
Astrophysical Journal. They favour the fullerene option. Fullerenes would
get formed during decomposition of the solid carbon grains condensed out 
of the material emitted by the star.

The Canadian group obtained high-resolution ISO spectra of seven other stars
in this class, and also detected a weak emission of the carbonaceous
compound in a new one. They present their data in the May 11 issue of the
Astrophysical Journal Letters.

"Diamonds, graphite, coal and fullerenes are different forms of carbon. It
is quite possible that the 21 micron feature arises from any one of these
forms, although not exactly like they are on Earth", says main author Sun
Kwok, at the University of Calgary. His group detected the carbonaceous
compound a decade ago, for the first time, with the earlier infrared
satellite IRAS.

Meanwhile, results from the French group led by Louis d'Hendecourt, at the
Institut d'Astrophysique Spatiale, in Paris, are adding to the debate. They
isolated very tiny diamonds --a million times smaller than a millimetre and
thus called "nanodiamonds"-- from a sample of the Orgueil meteorite, and
then subjected them to infrared spectroscopy. The researchers conclude that
nanodiamonds of a certain kind, defective ones in which some atoms of the
lattice are missing, have a "chemical signature" that matches the one
detected in the stars very closely.


