From kuan Tue Feb 23 22:58:00 1999
Return-Path: <kuan>
Received: by iaa17.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw (5.x/SMI-SVR4)
	id AA03841; Tue, 23 Feb 1999 22:53:18 +0800
Date: Tue, 23 Feb 1999 22:53:18 +0800
From: kuan (Yi-Jehng Kuan)
Message-Id: <9902231453.AA03841@iaa17.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Errors-To: kuan@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Subject: 35th Liege Astrophysics Colloquium (1st circular)
X-Sun-Charset: US-ASCII
Content-Length: 7640
Status: RO


----- Begin Included Message -----

From astrocol@arachnos.astro.ulg.ac.be Tue Feb 23 11:37:18 1999
Date: Tue, 23 Feb 1999 04:34:13 +0100 (MET)
From: Astrocol E-Mail <astrocol@arachnos.astro.ulg.ac.be>
To: kuan@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Subject: 35th Liege Astrophysics Colloquium (1st circular)

Do not take this mail into account if you have already received it !
--------

35th Liege International Astrophysics Colloquium 

                   The Galactic Halo :
          from Globular Clusters to Field Stars 

                    July 5--8, 1999
     
            President: Professor Icko Iben
            University of Illinois, USA  


Recent abundance analyses have shown puzzling results in subgiant 
and giant stars in globular clusters as well as in field metal-poor 
stars.  High resolution spectrographs which are becoming available 
on very large telescopes will greatly improve our knowledge of the 
chemical composition of dwarfs and subgiants in some globular 
clusters.  The possibility of self-enrichment of globular clusters 
is more than ever an open question which sheds new lights on their 
formation and their primordial phases.  Moreover, what do we know 
and what can we learn about the conditions for their survival, the 
possibility of evaporation of stars, the effects of crossing the 
disk of our Galaxy... 

On the other hand, where do halo stars come from?  Is there a link 
between some of them and globular clusters?  The abundance analyses 
of chemical elements in metal-poor stars and in globular clusters 
will give us clues as to the early environment and the early 
evolution of these stars.

The 35th Liege International Astrophysics Colloquium will address 
these questions.  It will take place from July 5 to July 8, 1999, 
at the University's Observatory:

           Institut d'Astrophysique et de Geophysique
           5, avenue de Cointe
           B-4000 LIEGE
           BELGIQUE

           Phone : (32 4) 254 75 16
           Fax :   (32 4) 254 75 11



SCIENTIFIC SESSIONS

Each session will start with review talks (approx. 45 min each, 
see below).  The reviews will be followed by contributed talks of 
about 20 min each, including discussion.
Posters will be on display during the whole meeting and time will be 
reserved each day to allow discussions with the poster authors.
We ask the participants to indicate their preference (talk/poster) 
but, as we have a limited amount of time for contributed talks, the 
organizing committee reserves the right to make the final choice.

The abstracts (maximum length half an A4 page) will be reproduced in 
a booklet made available to each participant upon arrival in Liege.  
To be included in this booklet, we ask the authors to send, before 
April 30, the following information: 

- Title
- Authors
- Desired Section
- Abstract



PROCEEDINGS

The proceedings will be published very rapidly after the meeting.  
They will contain the review papers, the contributed talks and the 
posters.  Typing instructions will be given in the third circular.



SECOND CIRCULAR

Further information, including a list of hotels and rates, practical 
information and a map will be distributed in March to those of you 
who have announced their participation.



WWW INFORMATION

All information about this colloquium including the registration form is
available at the following address:

http://www.astro.ulg.ac.be/colloques/1999/colloque35.html

This page will frequently be updated.



REGISTRATION FEE

The registration fee will be of 8000 belgian francs (approximately 
230 US$) and will include lunches, tea, coffee, soft drinks at breaks, 
local transportation, reception(s), and one copy of the proceedings.



REGISTRATION DEADLINE: April 30, 1999



SCIENTIFIC ORGANIZING COMMITTEE:

I. Iben (president), M. Arnould, E. Jehin, P. Magain, A. Noels,  
G. Parmentier, J.-P. Swings, A. Thoul



LOCAL ORGANIZING COMMITTEE:

P. Magain and A. Noels (chairpersons), D. Caro (secretary), 
E. Jehin, G. Parmentier, J.-P. Swings, A. Thoul


We hope to hear from you soon and to see you in Liege next July.




                 For the Local Organizing Committee,

                   Pierre Magain and Arlette Noels




If you have a colleague who may be interested, please make sure 
to give her/him a copy of this announcement.



SCIENTIFIC PROGRAMME / REVIEW TALKS 


Section I.  Early Galactic Nucleosynthesis

This section will cover the nucleosynthesis in massive stars 
during their evolution up to the supernova phase including the 
elements ejected through stellar winds in the Wolf-Rayet phase.  
This will be followed by a review on the theoretical results for 
the supernova yields and a discussion of the  uncertainties 
affecting these yields.  The evolution and the nucleosynthesis 
in intermediate mass stars will then be discussed as well as those 
stars' contribution to the chemical enrichment of the ISM.

   1. Nucleosynthesis in massive stars                    
      A. Maeder, Geneva  
  
   2. Supernova yields                           
      D. Arnett, to be confirmed 
          
   3. Nucleosynthesis in AGB stars               
      S. Goriely, Brussels


Section II.  Chemical Composition of Metal-Poor Stars

Abundance analysis results will be reviewed, covering very 
metal-poor and mildly metal-poor field stars as well as globular 
cluster stars.  The emphasis will be on the main differences and 
the common features.

   1. Light element abundances in very metal-poor stars
      R. Gratton, Padova

   2. Heavy element abundances in very metal-poor stars
      S. Ryan, Cambridge 

   3. Mildly metal-poor stars             
      P.E. Nissen, Aarhus 

   4. Globular clusters                         
      C. Sneden, Austin 


Section III.  Metal-Poor Components of our Galaxy

This section will cover what can be said as to the kinematics 
of metal-poor stars and globular clusters.  Formation scenarios of 
the thick disk and the halo will be discussed.

   1. Kinematics of thick disk and halo stars
      B.W. Carney, North Carolina 

   2. Formation scenarios                    
      R. Wyse, John Hopkins


Section IV.  Chemical and Dynamical Evolution of 
             Globular Clusters

Early stages of globular clusters will be presented with an 
emphasis on the possibility of self-enrichment.  It will be 
followed by a discussion on the dynamical evolution of globular 
clusters with special attention given to the conditions of 
disruption and to the evaporation of stars from a stable cluster.

   1.  Early stages of globular clusters         
       A. Burkert, Heidelberg 

   2.  Dynamical evolution                           
       G. Meylan, ESO  


Section V.  HR Diagrams of Globular Clusters

This section will be a confrontation between observed 
colour-magnitude diagrams and theoretical HR diagrams of globular 
clusters.  Special emphasis will be on the uncertainties affecting 
both the observational location of a star in a colour-magnitude 
diagram and on the theoretical uncertainties in the modelling of 
low mass stars used in the computation of theoretical isochrones.  
Ages of globular clusters will also be addressed.

   1.  Photometry of globular cluster stars - CMDs 
       P. Stetson, Victoria

   2.  HR diagrams : theorist views              
       F. D'Antona, Roma

   3.  Ages of globular clusters                  
       B. Chaboyer, Hanover


Section VI.  Non-Standard Views

A great freedom will be offered in this section to present 
alternative or new views regarding the subjects discussed in the 
preceding sections.


----- End Included Message -----


