
Date: Thu, 16 Jun 2005 22:43:47 -0400 (EDT)
From: Paul Ho <ho@cfa.harvard.edu>
To: Yi-Jehng Kuan <kuan>
Cc: Paul Ho <ho@cfa.harvard.edu>
Subject: FW: CfA:  Array Stares Down Throat of Protostar Jet (fwd)

dear yi-jehng, this is third news release.

paul

---------- Forwarded message ----------
Date: Wed, 15 Jun 2005 12:32:27 -0400
From: Christine Pulliam <cpulliam@cfa.harvard.edu>
To: Paul Ho <ho@cfa.harvard.edu>
Subject: FW: CfA:  Array Stares Down Throat of Protostar Jet

------ Forwarded Message

THE FOLLOWING RELEASE WAS RECEIVED FROM THE HARVARD-SMITHSONIAN
CENTER FOR ASTROPHYSICS, IN CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS, AND IS
FORWARDED FOR YOUR INFORMATION.  (FORWARDING DOES NOT IMPLY
ENDORSEMENT BY THE AMERICAN ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY.)  Steve Maran,
American Astronomical Society  maran@aas.org  1-202-328-2010 x116

David Aguilar
617-495-7462
daguilar@cfa.harvard.edu

Christine Pulliam
617-495-7463
cpulliam@cfa.harvard.edu

CfA Release No: 05-18
For Release: Wednesday, June 15, 2005

Note to editors: A high-resolution image to accompany this release is online
at http://www.cfa.harvard.edu/press/pr0518image.html


SMA STARES INTO THE THROAT OF A COSMIC JET

Cambridge, MA - Astronomers find jets everywhere when they look into space.
Small jets spout from newborn stars, while huge jets blast out of the
centers of galaxies. Yet despite their commonness, the processes that drive
them remain shrouded in mystery. Even relatively nearby stellar jets hide
their origins behind almost impenetrable clouds of dust. All stars,
including our sun, pass through a jet phase during their "childhood," so
astronomers are eager to understand how jets form and how they may
influence star and planet formation.

At this week's meeting on submillimeter astronomy in Cambridge, Mass.,
astronomers described the latest results from an international
collaboration using the Submillimeter Array (SMA) atop Mauna Kea, Hawaii.
The SMA has begun to peer through the dust and home in on the sources of
nearby stellar jets.

"Using the SMA, we can stare into the throat of the jet," said SMA project
scientist Paul Ho of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA).
"We're getting close to seeing its launching point."

Astronomer Hsien Shang of the Academia Sinica Institute of Astronomy and
Astrophysics (ASIAA) and her colleagues have created a model of jet
formation that calculates temperatures, densities and brightnesses within
stellar jets. SMA observations of a young star system prosaically named
Herbig-Haro (HH) 211 have confirmed the validity of the model.

"Our model predicts what we will see about 100 astronomical units from the
star," Shang said. (One astronomical unit is the average Earth-Sun distance
of 93 million miles.) "With the SMA, we can begin to look at the HH 211
system at the scale of the model and test those predictions. So far,
everything checks out."

HH 211 is located about 1,000 light-years away in the constellation
Perseus.  Astronomers estimate that the small protostar hidden within HH
211 is less than 1,000 years old-a mere baby by astronomical standards, so
young that it is still growing by accumulating matter from a surrounding
disk of gas and dust. The protostar eventually will become a low-mass star
similar to the sun.

Although most of the matter in the disk will flow onto the star, some must
be ejected outward to carry away excess angular momentum. Complex physical
processes funnel that ejected matter into dual jets that shoot outward in
opposite directions.

"Jets form very close to a protostar, within about 5 million miles of its
surface according to the model we applied" said researcher Naomi Hirano
(ASIAA). "The SMA can help test the jet model on the youngest protostars
using molecular tracers from within that innermost region."

SMA's successor, the planned ALMA project, should finally reveal the nature
of the engine powering these jets by peering into the core where they form.

"The SMA has brought us tantalizingly close to our goal-the answer to the
question of how jets form," said Ho. "ALMA will take us those final few
steps."

Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for
Astrophysics (CfA) is a joint collaboration between the Smithsonian
Astrophysical Observatory and the Harvard College Observatory. CfA
scientists, organized into six research divisions, study the origin,
evolution and ultimate fate of the universe.

                           # # # #

------ End of Forwarded Message


