
date: Sat, 05 Feb 2005 18:15:40 -1000
From: "Ralf I. Kaiser" <kaiser@gold.chem.hawaii.edu>
To: Astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Subject: Pacifichem 2005, Honolulu, December 2005, Astrochemistry - Second
 Announcement - Abstract Submission System Open


Astrochemistry - From Laboratory Studies to Astronomical Observations

Pacifichem 2005 - Symposium 47

Honolulu, Hawai'i, December 15-20, 2005


Contents   

The formation of molecules in extraterrestrial environments hasfascinated 
scientists since the pioneering detection, of CH and CN in interstellar space. 
We now know of
about 130 species, ranging incomplexity from diatomics such as molecular 
hydrogen to polyatomics like the sugar glycolaldehyde, benzene, and 
cyanopentaacetylene,
which have been identified as gas-phase constituents of extraterrestrial 
environments. Nevertheless, many facets of the question "How do these molecules 
arise?" remain
unanswered or contentious. This symposium focuses on the interdisciplinary 
field of astrochemistry, bringing together speakers from the fields of 
laboratory
astrochemistry (dynamics,kinetics, and spectroscopy), astrochemical modeling 
(physicists),theoretical astrochemistry (computational chemists), and 
observational
astrochemistry (astronomers). By focusing on the interplay between 
observational data, kinetic modeling, and fundamental investigations of the 
details of specific molecular processes,
we seek also to evaluate the emerging generalized concepts on the formation of 
astrochemically important molecules on the molecular level. Furthermore, by 
exploring
the current boundaries of astrochemical knowledge, we can more effectively 
design new laboratory experiments under well-defined conditions (and recommend
promising directions for further astronomical searches) to resolve critical 
unanswered aspects of molecular synthesis in extraterrestrial space on the 
molecular level.  

Abstract Submission and Hotel Reservation


The Pacifichem Organizers opened the abstract submission system. Abstracts for 
contributed oral (15 min) and poster presentations can be submitted via
 http://www.pacifichem.org/c_abstracts/ . Please note the April 13, 2005, 
deadline. Discounted Hotel Accommodations are available; reservations shall be 
submitted
 via the booking form posted on 
http://www.chem.hawaii.edu/Bil301/AstroPacifichem.html.

We are looking forward to seeing you in Honolulu.

The Organizers

Peter Bernath, Department of Chemistry, University of Waterloo, 200University 
Avenue West, Canada.
Email: bernath@uwaterloo.ca

Ralf I. Kaiser, Department of Chemistry, University of Hawai'i at 
Manoa,Honolulu, HI 96822, USA.
Email: kaiser@gold.chem.hawaii.edu 

Alexander M. Mebel, Florida International University, Department ofChemistry & 
Biochemistry, University Park, Miami, FL.
Email:  mebela@fiu.edu 

Young C. Minh, Korea Astronomy Observatory, 61-1, Whaam, Yusong, Taejon305-348, 
Republic of Korea,
Email: minh@trao.re.kr 

Yoshihiro Osamura, Department of Chemistry, Rikkyo University, 
3-34-1Nishi-ikebukuro, Tokyo, 171-8501, Japan.
Email: osamura@rikkyo.jp

Simon Petrie, Department of Chemistry, Australian NationalUniversity,Canberra , 
ACT 0200, Australia.
Email: spetrie@rsc.anu.edu.au 
