
From: Sheng-Yuan Liu <syliu@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Subject: Special Talk THIS Afternoon (08/16 Tuesday)
Date: Tue, 16 Aug 2005 11:23:03 +0800
To: "Inst. of Astronomy and Astrophysics." <iaa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Cc: Michael Liu <mliu@ifa.hawaii.edu>, astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw

  Dear all,

        Dr. Michael Liu is kindly offering to give another presentation this 
afternoon at 2:00PM on the topic of laser guide star adaptive optics. 
The talk will give some background on the technique and showcase some 
early science results from the Keck LGS AO system.

        Anyone interested in this subject is very welcome to join at Rm 716 
this afternoon!

  best,

  sheng-yuan

------------------------------------------------------------------
   Speaker : Dr. Dr. Michael Liu (Institute for Astronomy, U. of Hawaii)
   Title   : Early Results from Keck Laser Guide Star Adaptive Optics:
             An Observer's Report from the Front Lines
   Time    : 08/16 (Tue) 2:00 PM
   Location: ASIAA Room 716
   Abstract: LGS AO provides a powerful new instrumental capability for 
high angular resolution science from ground-based telescopes.  Unlike 
natural guide star AO systems, which are restricted to observations 
around bright stars, LGS AO opens up most of the sky to 
diffraction-limited imaging and spectroscopy at infrared wavelengths.  
In the near-future, LGS AO will be deployed on all large ground-based 
telescopes and will provide an enduring platform for high angular 
resolution science.  LGS AO is also a key component in designs of 
next-generation extremely large telescopes.

The Keck II Telescope commissioned the first laser guide star (LGS) 
adaptive optics system on an 8-10 meter class telescope last year.
The system has been carrying out science observations for several 
months now, achieving angular resolutions as good as 0.05" FWHM in the
near-IR, 3-4 time better than Hubble Space Telescope at similar 
wavelengths.  In this informal talk, I present a brief description of 
the
LGS system and its performance, some of the first science results, and 
some early impressions on its merits and weaknesses from the
perspective of one of the first scientific users.

