
Date: Tue, 14 Jun 2005 23:13:25 -0400 (EDT)
From: Paul Ho <ho@cfa.harvard.edu>
To: Yi-Jehng Kuan <kuan>
Cc: Paul Ho <ho@cfa.harvard.edu>
Subject: FW: CfA:  PROTOPLANETARY SYSTEMS  COMMON IN  GALAXY (fwd)

dear yi-jehng,  here is second press release.  please forward to
TAN also?

best, paul

---------- Forwarded message ----------
Date: Tue, 14 Jun 2005 12:20:11 -0400
From: Christine Pulliam <cpulliam@cfa.harvard.edu>
To: Paul Ho <ho@cfa.harvard.edu>
Subject: FW: CfA:  PROTOPLANETARY SYSTEMS  COMMON IN  GALAXY

------ Forwarded Message
THE FOLLOWING RELEASE WAS RECEIVED FROM THE HARVARD-SMITHSONIAN
CENTER FOR ASTROPHYSICS, IN CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS, AND IS
FORWARDED FOR YOUR INFORMATION.  (FORWARDING DOES NOT IMPLY
ENDORSEMENT BY THE AMERICAN ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY.)  Steve Maran,
American Astronomical Society  maran@aas.org  1-202-328-2010 x116

David Aguilar
617-495-7462
daguilar@cfa.harvard.edu

Christine Pulliam
617-495-7463
cpulliam@cfa.harvard.edu

CfA Release No: 05-17
For Release: Tuesday, June 14, 2005

Note to editors: Images to accompany this release are online at:
http://www.cfa.harvard.edu/press/pr0517image.html


SMA CONFIRMS PROTOPLANETARY SYSTEMS ARE COMMON IN THE GALAXY

Cambridge, MA - Meeting this week in Cambridge, Mass., astronomers using
the Submillimeter Array (SMA) on Mauna Kea, Hawaii, confirmed, for the
first time, that many of the objects termed "proplyds" found in the Orion
Nebula do have sufficient material to form new planetary systems like our
own.

"The SMA is the only telescope that can measure the dust within the Orion
proplyds, and thereby assess their true potential for forming planets. This
is critical in our understanding of how solar systems form in hostile
regions of space," said Jonathan Williams of the University of Hawaii
Institute for Astronomy, lead author on a paper submitted to The
Astrophysical Journal.

Surviving in the chaotic regions within the Orion Nebula where stellar
winds can reach a staggering two million miles per hour and temperatures
exceed a searing 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit, the question remained - would
enough material endure to form a new solar system or would it be eroded
away into space like wind and sand eroding away desert cliffs? It now
appears that these protoplanetary disks are quite tenacious, bringing new
grounds for optimism in the search for planetary systems.

Imaged by the Hubble Space Telescope back in the early 1990s as misshapen
silhouettes against the nebular background, the most spectacular proplyds
appear bright. Their surrounding ionized cocoons glow due to their close
proximity to a nearby hot star formation called the Trapezium. The
Trapezium is a star cluster consisting of more than 1,000 young, hot stars
that are only 1 million years old. They condensed out of the original
cold, dark cloud of gas that now glows from their ionizing light. They are
crowded into a space about 4 light-years in diameter, the same as the
distance between the Sun and Proxima Centauri, the next closest star in
space.

Blasted by the solar winds of the Trapezium, the proplyds are the next
generation of smaller stars to arise in Orion, this time with visible discs
that may be forming planets. It has remained unclear, however, whether they
contained enough material to form stable planetary systems. Using the SMA,
astronomers now have been able to probe deep inside these disks to measure
their mass and to unravel the formation process presented by these
potential infant solar systems.

"While the Hubble pictures were spectacular, they revealed only disk-like
shapes that did not tell us the amount of material present," said David
Wilner, of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA).  Since
some of the discs appear to be comparable in size and mass to our own solar
system, this strengthens the connection between the Orion proplyds and our
origins.

Since most Sun-like stars in the Galaxy eventually form in environments
like the Orion Nebula, the SMA results suggest that the formation of solar
systems like our own is common and a continuing event in the Galaxy.

"The same cycle of birth, life and death we experience here on Earth is
repeated in the stars overhead. Now, the SMA provides us with a front-row
seat in unraveling the wonder of these cosmic events," reflected Wilner.

Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for
Astrophysics (CfA) is a joint collaboration between the Smithsonian
Astrophysical Observatory and the Harvard College Observatory. CfA
scientists, organized into six research divisions, study the origin,
evolution and ultimate fate of the universe.

                              # # # #

------ End of Forwarded Message


