
Date: Fri, 4 Mar 2005 17:36:09 +0800 (CST)
From: Sheng-Yuan Liu <syliu@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
To: "Inst. of Astronomy and Astrophysics." <iaa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
cc: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw, faculty@phys.ntu.edu.tw
Subject: [Colloquium] ASIAA Colloquium Next Wednesday (03/09)


  Dear all,

        We will have a special colloquium talk next Wednesday presented
  by Prof. David Montgomery visiting from Dartmouth College, USA. The title
  of the talk is "Dynamo Processes at Low Magnetic Prandtl Number"

        Please notice the special time of the talk. Mark your calendar and
  remember to join!

  Regards,

  sheng-yuan

  ------------------------ ASIAA Colloquium ------------------------
   Speaker : Prof. David Montgomery
             (Physics & Astronomy, Dartmouth College, USA)
   Title   : Dynamo Processes at Low Magnetic Prandtl Number
   Time    : 03/09 (Wednesday) 2:00 PM
   Location: ASIAA Room 716
   Abstract: The spontaneous generation of large-scale magnetic fields by
             the turbulent motions of an electrically-conducting fluid is
             still somewhat mysterious. The equations of motion are highly
             nonlinear and turbulent processes quickly generate smaller
             and smaller scale spatial excitations, limited only by the
             onset of dissipation at short wavelengths: dissipation by
             viscosity for velocity fields, and by resistivity for magnetic
             fields. A measure of the relative onset of dissipation is the
             magnetic Prandtl number Pm, the dimensionless ratio of
             kinematic viscosity to magnetic diffusivity. For some
             astrophysical objects (e.g., the liquid interiors of some planets)
             this can be quite small: 10^-5 or less for the Earth. Since
             the Reynolds number Re (=UL/nu, where U is a typical flow speed,
             L is its characteristic length scale, and nu is the kinematic
             viscosity) is large for the Earth's liquid core, the core is
             expected to be highly turbulent. The smallness of Pm means that
             even though relatively modest spatial resolution may be required
             to represent the geo-magnetic field, much greater resolution may
             be required to represent the velocity field that generates and
             supports it. The numerical resolution required to see dynamo
             amplification in the case of the Earth, or in current laboratory
             experiments in liquid sodium attempting to mimic it, exceeds
             present computational capacity for direct numerical simulation
             (DNS). Thus in order to generate plots of critical parameters
             for magnetic field growth as a function of Pm, some numerical
             scheme for reducing the required spatial resolution is needed.
             Here, we report the use of two additional computational
             schemes for stretching computer resources into new regimes:
             (1) the Langrangian-averaged "alpha model" of Holm and collaborators
             (LAMHD), and (2) "large eddy simulation" (LES) involving a
             "hyperviscosity" to represent the effects of small spatial scales
             in the velocity field. One end result is a threshold curve of
             critical magnetic Reynolds number Rm (=UL/eta, where eta is
             the magnetic diffusivity), as a function of 1/Pm, for dynamo
             action to occur.
   URL     : http://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/act/colloquium.php
  ------------------------------------------------------------------

