
Subject: Yi-Jheng, please distribute the announcement, thanks.
From: Chung-Ming Ko <cmko@astro.ncu.edu.tw>
To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw

Faculty/Postdoc-INSTITUTE OF ASTRONOMY, NATIONAL CENTRAL UNIVERSITY

URL: http://www.astro.ncu.edu.tw
Email: cmko@astro.ncu.edu.tw
Tel: +886-3-426-2302
FAX: +886-3-426-2304
Address: INSTITUTE OF ASTRONOMY, NATIONAL CENTRAL UNIVERSITY,
No. 300, Jhongda Road, Jhongli, Taoyuan 320, Taiwan (R.O.C.)

The Institute of Astronomy invites applications for up to two tenure track 
faculty positions to begin in the fall of 2006. The appointment may be 
made at full, associated or assistant professorship level. The institute 
currently has 8 full-time faculty members, with research fields ranging 
from solar system, variable stars, star clusters, star formation, ISM, 
cosmic rays, to galactic dynamics, AGN, clusters of galaxies and 
cosmology. The institute operates its own one-metre telescope on Lulin 
Mountain elevated to 2860 m in central Taiwan. The institute participates 
in international observatory projects such as CFHT, Pan-STARRS and SMA at 
Hawaii, and space projects such as Astro-F, Cassini, Mass Express, Rosetta 
and BepiColombo missions. The institute seeks scientists with experience 
in optical observation and data analysis to expand the ongoing projects in 
the institute. Outstanding applicants in other research areas are also 
encouraged to apply. Successful applicants are expected to commit to 
teaching at graduate and undergraduate levels and should show a track 
record of excellent research in astronomy or astrophysics. A good command 
of Mandarin Chinese is preferred, but not essential. The application 
should include a vita with publication list, and three references sent 
directly to the addressee above. The deadline for applications is 1st 
February, 2006.

The institute also welcomes postdocs with experience in data analysis to 
support the institute's effort on international collaboration projects. 
Postdoc applicants should send a vita and publication list to the 
addressee above. The deadline for applications is 1st February, 2006. 

