
Date: Tue, 14 Jun 2005 23:01:40 -0400 (EDT)
From: Paul Ho <ho@cfa.harvard.edu>
To: Yi-Jehng Kuan <kuan>
Cc: Paul Ho <ho@cfa.harvard.edu>
Subject: FW: CfA: Submillimeter Array Conference - Media Invited (fwd)

dear yi-jehng, here is news release from SAO.  please forward to TAN
network, thanks!  paul

---------- Forwarded message ----------
Date: Mon, 13 Jun 2005 15:19:29 -0400
From: Christine Pulliam <cpulliam@cfa.harvard.edu>
To: Paul Ho <ho@cfa.harvard.edu>
Subject: FW: CfA: Submillimeter Array Conference - Media Invited

------ Forwarded Message
THE FOLLOWING RELEASE WAS RECEIVED FROM THE HARVARD-SMITHSONIAN
CENTER FOR ASTROPHYSICS, IN CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS, AND IS
FORWARDED FOR YOUR INFORMATION.  (FORWARDING DOES NOT IMPLY
ENDORSEMENT BY THE AMERICAN ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY.)  Steve Maran,
American Astronomical Society  maran@aas.org  1-202-328-2010 x116

David Aguilar
617-495-7462
daguilar@cfa.harvard.edu

Christine Pulliam
617-495-7463
cpulliam@cfa.harvard.edu

CfA Release No.: 05-16
For Release: Monday, June 13, 2005

Note to editors: Images to accompany this release are online at:
http://www.cfa.harvard.edu/press/pr0516image.html


THE SUBMILLIMETER ARRAY: STUDYING THE PAST, PIONEERING THE FUTURE

Cambridge, MA- Astronomers are meeting this week in Cambridge, Mass., to
discuss recent advances generated by a new astronomical facility-the
Submillimeter Array (SMA) on Mauna Kea, Hawaii. A joint project of the
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory (SAO) and the Academia Sinica
Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics (ASIAA), the SMA has opened a new
window onto the cosmos by observing radiation from some of the coldest,
dustiest, and most distant objects in the universe.

"The SMA is the latest in a long line of cutting-edge research facilities
developed by the Smithsonian," said Jim Moran, SMA director. "It
demonstrates the Smithsonian's commitment to remaining at the frontier of
scientific research."

This meeting is open to media representatives, who may attend for free. To
register and receive press credentials, contact one of the public
information officers listed above.

Atop the highest volcanic peak in the Hawaiian Island chain, the SMA
explores the universe by detecting light at wavelengths (or colors) that
are not visible to the human eye. It receives millimeter and submillimeter
radiation, so named because the wavelength ranges from 0.3 to 1.7
millimeters, or 0.01 to 0.07 inches. The SMA combines signals from eight
6-meter-diameter movable antennas to achieve very high resolution,
comparable to the best ground-based optical telescopes.

At submillimeter wavelengths, the SMA can peer into the most distant
reaches of the observable universe, studying objects whose light has taken
billions of years to reach the earth. In doing so, it sees those objects
as they existed billions of years ago, when the universe was a fraction of
its present age.

SMA observations have uncovered some surprises. For example, astronomers
recently focused on a class of objects called submillimeter galaxies,
which were discovered using the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope, also on
Mauna Kea. Hubble images were unable to discern the nature of these
primordial galaxies because they were too distant or too dusty.

The SMA has clarified the nature of these mystery objects, revealing that
many submillimeter galaxies are undergoing intense bursts of star
formation hidden behind massive amounts of dust.

"The SMA literally has seen what Hubble can't see," said astronomer
Daisuke Iono of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA).
"The unique capabilities of the SMA allow it to detect and make
high-resolution images of these young galaxies."

"With the SMA, we immediately pinpointed the exact location of two
galaxies that were actively forming stars at an exceptional rate more than
10 billion years ago," added astronomer Alison Peck (CfA).

SMA observations are expected to help clarify the nature of many cosmic
objects from distant galaxies to nearby star forming regions. It will
examine those objects at high angular resolution in preparation for more
detailed and more sensitive studies by its eventual successor, the Atacama
Large Millimeter Array (ALMA).

"SMA is blazing a path of discovery across northern skies that ALMA will
follow as it brings a depth of understanding to planet, star and galaxy
formation in the southern skies," said Al Wootten, ALMA project scientist.

Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for
Astrophysics (CfA) is a joint collaboration between the Smithsonian
Astrophysical Observatory and the Harvard College Observatory. CfA
scientists, organized into six research divisions, study the origin,
evolution and ultimate fate of the universe.

                            # # # #

------ End of Forwarded Message


