
>From chyan@akua.cfht.hawaii.edu Thu Feb 24 08:40 CST 2005
Date: Wed, 23 Feb 2005 14:38:21 -1000 (HST)
From: Chi-Hung Yan <chyan@cfht.hawaii.edu>
To: kuan@sgrb2.geos.ntnu.edu.tw
Subject: Cozumel conference (fwd)


Dear Prof. Kuan,

Could you please post this message to TAN?  One CFHT resident astronomer
organize this conference and he whould like invite people in Taiwan to
join this meeting.  So, please circulate the following message.

Cheers,

Chi-hung


---------- Forwarded message ----------
Date: Wed, 23 Feb 2005 14:31:08 -1000
From: David Valls-Gabaud <dvg@cfht.hawaii.edu>
To: chyan@cfht.hawaii.edu
Subject: Cozumel conference


Hi again,

Here's the announcement for the Cozumel conference.
Thank you for forwarding it to the Taiwan astronomical comunity !
Cheers,

    David

Dear colleagues,


We are pleased to announce the international conference on :


                    "Resolved stellar populations"

                        April 18-22, 2005

                         Cozumel, Mexico

              http://www.cfht.hawaii.edu/cozumel2005


Scientific rationale
--------------------

While over the past decade there have been many meetings devoted to 
different aspects of the study of stellar populations, both nearby 
and far away, the sheer progress in both observations (deep, space-
based, and wide, ground-based) and modelling (stellar tracks, 
atmospheres, synthetic colour-magnitude diagrams) implies that the 
time is ripe for a fair and sober assessment of our understanding of
the best-studied stellar populations : those present in nearby 
objects, from disc stars to stars in clusters, through the solar 
neighbourhood to galaxies in the Local Group.

The importance of this understanding cannot be overstated : the 
interpretation of the integrated properties of stellar populations, 
such as those in distant galaxies, is ultimately based on the 
interpretation of nearby populations for which we have vast amounts 
of high-quality data. Our hopes to understand the assembly of galaxies
in the Universe depends on the proper measure of the physical 
parameters of nearby, resolved stellar populations.

With this backdrop, the conference is devoted to the detailed 
comparison between these observations and the theoretical predictions,
and to the understanding of systematic effects that plague many 
analyses. One of the sessions will be spent discussing the "Cozumel 
experiment", a double blind test of a series of synthetic 
colour-magnitude diagrams (CMDs), with the aim of assessing 
uncertainties and systematics in models and inversions of CMDs. This 
is a fundamental step before attempting any interpretation of actual 
data. While statistical errors are usually well understood, it is not
clear how systematics affect the interpretation. The series of tests
proposed should hopefully reveal the extent and importance of 
systematics.

Topics to be discussed include :

[1] Basic ingredients : stellar tracks, isochrones and atmospheres. 
    Fast phases (WR, variables, activity), long-lasting phases, mixing,
    abundance patterns, photometric calibrations, ages, binary stars, 
    synthetic colour-magnitude diagrams, initial and present-day mass 
    functions, dynamical evolution and segregation, stochasticity, 
    chemical enrichment

[2] Stellar populations in the Local Group.
    The Galaxy, field stars in discs, bulges, haloes, streams, open 
    and globular clusters, MW satellites, M31 and other Local Group 
    galaxies, variable stars, local starbursts, dwarf irregulars and 
    dwarf spheroidals

[3] The Cozumel experiment : 
    Just how robust are the inversions of colour-magnitude diagrams 
    from simple stellar populations ? 
    Uniqueness of solutions, importance of small-number statistics, 
    parameter degeneracy, effects of different sets of 
    tracks/atmospheres, unresolved binaries

[4] Integrated properties of resolved stellar populations.
    Degeneracies, spectral indices, spectroscopy versus photometry, 
    SFR indicators, implications for unresolved populations

Sessions will be organised from Monday 18 through Friday 22 around a 
couple of reviews, targeted and contributed talks, and ample time for 
discussions. 


Scientific Organising Committee
-------------------------------

Danielle Alloin  (ESO/Chile)
Nobuo Arimoto (Japan)
Miguel Chavez (Mexico)
Uta Fritze von Alvensleben (Germany)
Gerard Gilmore  (UK)
Leo Girardi (Italy)
Eva Grebel (Switzerland)
Jon Holtzman (USA)
Mario Mateo (USA)
Ram Sagar (India)
Eline Tolstoy (The Netherlands)
David Valls-Gabaud (France/USA, Chair)

Local Organising Committee
--------------------------

Vladimir Avila-Reese (IA-UNAM)
Miguel Chavez (INAOE, Chair)
Alejandro Gonzalez (UJA Tabasco)
Xavier Hernandez (IA-UNAM)
Margarita Valdez-Gutierrez (Guanajuato)


Sponsors
--------

Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope, Waimea
Instituto Nacional de Astronomica, Optica y Electronica, Puebla
Instituto de Astronomia, Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico


Location and accommodation
--------------------------

We realise accommodation expenses may seriously limit attendance 
by young scientists, so we have negociated very attractive, 
all-inclusive rates at the Park Royal Hotel in Cozumel, where the 
conference will take place. The rates per person per day are  :

   Single room : USD 100
   Double room : USD  65
   Triple room : USD  60

and include breakfast, lunch, dinner, drinks, the use of the hotel
facilities and the taxes.


Registration
------------

Due to the limited number of rooms, an early registration is highly
recommended, and in any case before the deadline of March 18, 2005.

Please head to the registration form at the WWW page of the conference :

         http://www.cfht.hawaii.edu/cozumel2005 

The registration fee is USD 200 and includes all coffee breaks, snacks,
and a copy of the proceedings. 

Please note that we will not be able to accept cheques or credit cards 
for the registration fee. 

The LOC is happy to invite all participants and their partners to the
conference dinner.


Travel information
------------------
 
The island of Cozumel can be easily reached via Cancun. Travel details
are available on the web page. 

Outreach
--------

We feel that an international gathering of astronomers is the ideal 
occasion to popularise our science. Two public lectures will be 
organised, open to all, to thank the Cozumel inhabitants for hosting 
our conference.

Proceedings
-----------

The proceedings  will contain reviews (20-30 pages long), contributed 
papers (15-20 pages) and reports from the discussions sessions. 
Posters (5-10 pages) will be included, along with the electronic 
version of the papers, in a CDROM. All abstracts will be included in 
the NASA/ADS database. To ensure a rapid publication, papers received 
after the deadline (June 17, 2005) will not be accepted.


A second announcement for registered participants will be circulated 
on March 21, 2005. 


We look forward to seeing you in lively Cozumel, for constructive 
discussions !



  On behalf of the SOC                        On behalf of the LOC 

    David Valls-Gabaud                               Miguel Chavez 


