
Subject: [Fwd: Suzaku AO-1]
Date: Wed, 30 Nov 2005 10:01:18 +0800
From: Hsiang-Kuang Chang <hkchang@phys.nthu.edu.tw>
To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw

-------- Original Message --------
Subject: Suzaku AO-1
Date: Fri, 25 Nov 2005 15:09:48 +0900
From: Kazuhisa MITSUDA <mitsuda@astro.isas.jaxa.jp>
To: hkchang@phys.nthu.edu.tw

Prof. Hsiang-Kuang Chang,

First of all, I would like to thank you for supporting the previous
AO-1 ASTRO-E2 observation programs.  ASTRO-E2 was
successfully launched and is now named Suzaku.

We have selected AO-1 observations about a year ago.  However,
since as you may know, the X-ray spectrometer (XRS) is not
functioning now and the selection process emphasized the use of
the XRS, we  decided to renew all the AO-1 observations and to
ask proposal submission again.

Please distribute the message attached to this e-mail to
all people who might be interested in and/or to appropreate
mailing list.



Best wishes,

Kazuhisa Mitsuda
--------------------------------------------------
Department of High Energy Astrophysics
Institute of Space and Astronautical Science (ISAS)
Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA)

3-1-1 Yoshinodai, Sagamihara, 229-8510, Japan

phone:    +81-427-59-8132
telefax:  +81-427-59-8455


===========
First Announcement of Opportunity(AO-1) for observations with
the X-ray astronomy satellite "Suzaku"

This announcement solicit proposal for observations using the
ISAS (Institute of Space and Astronautical Science)/JAXA (Japan
Aerospace Exploration Agency) X-ray astronomy satellite
"Suzaku," which was successfully launched into orbit on 2005
July 10.

During the course of commissioning, all helium cryogen was lost
from the X-Ray Spectrometer (XRS), the highest resolution X-ray
spectrometer to date. The XRS team believes they have identified
the immediate cause of the cryogen loss, but the underlying
cause is being investigated by committees both in Japan and in
the US. The remaining instruments, 4 X-ray CCD cameras (X-ray
Imaging Spectrometer, XIS) and the Hard X-ray Detector (HXD)
have been commissioned successfully by mid August. Since then,
we have performed calibration and verification observations,
which confirms that Suzaku has high sensitivity over a wide
energy range as planned.  The current strengths of Suzaku can be
summarized as (1) highest sensitivity to date for hard X-rays (10
-300 keV); and (2) higher sensitivity and spectral resolution in
the soft X-ray band (0.3-0.8 keV) using a new generation
backside-illuminated CCD chip. We have already started normal
observations in September; we plan to begin open observations
starting in 2006 April, after roughly 7 month of performance
verification observations.

Although Suzaku (then called Astro-E2) observing proposals were
solicited, selected, and announced in 2004, the selection process
emphasized the use of the XRS. The selected proposals may or
may not represent the best use of the HXD and the XIS, and the
observation parameters may or may not be optimized for these
instruments. We are therefore starting anew with this solicitation;
the results of the earlier solicitation will be disregarded.

This first announcement of opportunity is for a one year period
starting 2006 April. The deadline and other details are described
below in the web pages accessed from the followig URL.
http://www.astro.isas.jaxa.jp/suzaku/index.html.en
We invite application from researchers in a wide range of field.

This is one of three parallel announcements, and solicit proposals
from researchers in Japan and in countries other than the US and
ESA member countries. Researchers based in the US should
consult the parallel announcement at http://suzaku.gsfc.nasa.
gov/ Researchers in ESA member countries should consult the
version at: http://www.rssd.esa.int/suzaku

We are looking forward to receiving many proposals to enhance
outcome of the Suzaku observations as much as possible.

   With best wishes,

      Kazuhisa Mitsuda (Suzaku Project Manager)
      Hideyo Kunieda  (Suzaku Project Scientist)
      Tadayuki Takahashi (Suzaku Deputy Manger)

      ISAS/JAXA


