Date: Mon, 2 Nov 2009 15:35:15 +0100   
From: "Prof. K.H. Kuijken" <phdapplications@strw.leidenuniv.nl>         
To: astronomydepartments@strw.leidenuniv.nl
Subject: PhD Program in Astronomy and Astrophysics at Leiden University

Dear colleague, 

Please find enclosed an electronic advertisement for the PhD program in 
astronomy at Leiden University. Could you please be so kind to forward 
it to appropriate candidates in your department? 

Thank you in advance. 

Best regards, 

Prof. K.H. Kuijken 
Director, Leiden Observatory 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

PhD Program in Astronomy and Astrophysics at Leiden University

Email Submission Address:
         phdapplications@strw.leidenuniv.nl
Email Inquiries:
         phdapplications@strw.leidenuniv.nl
Information about the PhD program:
         http://www.strw.leidenuniv.nl/education/PhD.php

Leiden Observatory invites applications for more than ten PhD positions.

The four-year PhD program consists mostly of research under the supervision of
one or more faculty members. Positions are available in all the research areas
in which the Observatory is active. These include cosmology, galaxy formation
and evolution, interstellar matter and star formation, stars and planetary
systems, computational astrophysics, high energy astrophysics, laboratory
astrophysics, astrochemistry, and instrumentation. More information about
research at Leiden Observatory can be found at
http://www.strw.leidenuniv.nl/research/

Leiden Observatory, founded in 1633, is the oldest university astronomy
department in the world. With about 25 faculty, over 30 postdoctoral associates
and over 40 PhD students it is the largest astronomy department in the
Netherlands. Leiden is a charming university town with international flair.
Most Leiden researchers have an international background. English is the
common language.

During their thesis, Leiden PhD students are paid as civil servants, which
means that they earn competitive salaries (the current gross salary, including
allowances, increases from about EUR 28,000 in year 1 to about EUR 36,000 in
year 4) and are eligible for both social security and retirement benefits.
PhD positions are funded for four years.

Application forms and instructions are available at
http://www.strw.leidenuniv.nl/phd/
Applicants are requested to upload a curriculum vitae, a list of all university
courses taken and transcripts of grades obtained, brief statements of research
interests and experience, and the contact information for at least two referees.

The successful candidates must have a MSc degree (or equivalent) by the
starting date. The starting dates are negotiable.

Complete applications received by December 15, 2009 will receive full
consideration.

The positions are open to candidates from all countries. The research will be
carried out in the framework of the Netherlands Research School for Astronomy
(NOVA). More information about the PhD program at Leiden Observatory can be
found at http://www.strw.leidenuniv.nl/phd/

