
> Date: Mon, 2 Mar 2009 11:01:10 +0800 (CST)   
> From: Tatsuhiko Hasegawa <hasegawa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>         
> Subject: TAN distribution : Reminder - SMA proposal deadline (fwd)
   
Reminder: ASIAA Call for SMA proposals for 2009A 

Dear Colleagues, 

This is a reminder that the closing date for SMA proposals 
for the 2009A semester is 5AM (morning, Taiwan time) of March 6, 
2009 (Friday) (= 11AM HST of March 5, Thursday). 

Those who are affiliated to a Taiwanese university or a Taiwanese 
research institute are eligible to apply for the ASIAA SMA time as 
a principal investigator (PI). 

All Taiwanese SMA proposals must be submitted through the SMA 
submission facility (https://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/propose.html). 
New proposers in particular need to get registered (through the 
submission web site) before submitting a proposal. 

When submitting your proposal, please make sure to select 
"ASIAA" as your destination TAC in the submission web page. 
Please direct your inquiries to TATSUHIKO HASEGAWA 
(hasegawa AT asiaa.sinica.edu.tw). 

For technical information on the SMA, please visit 
   http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/proposing.html (will be ready soon). 
The SAO SMA information page has been updated for 2009A. 
For Taiwan and ASIAA specific aspects (including the ASIAA proposal 
selection process and the amount of available observing time), 
please visit 
     http://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/~SMART/ . 

A few cautions (among many) about proposal format and writing merit 
reiterating. 
- In addition to the page limit, there is a limit to the font size 
  (11 point or larger). 
- A request for a good weather without a compelling reason tends to 
    get a lower rating from reviewers. 

Additional messages from the ASIAA SMA TAC : 

The PI of a successful proposal will be encouraged to provide an 
observer at the summit of Mauna Kea.  For more detail, please 
consult the ASIAA web page listed above. 

In order to encourage PhD students to use the SMA, the ASIAA SMA TAC 
will make some considerations to proposals for PhD thesis projects. 
Please visit the ASIAA web site for details. 

In order to make efficient use of SMA data, the ASIAA SMA TAC will expect 
Co-Is to follow up the analysis and publication of already executed or 
allocated projects under a PI who becomes unable to do the work for 
various reasons.  Potential co-investigators should be aware of their 
possible responsibilities or obligations.  PIs should make best efforts 
to obtain a consent before putting someone's name on a proposal as a 
Co-I. 

Sincerely, 

Tatsuhiko Hasegawa 
ASIAA SMA TAC Chair 

-- 
Tatsuhiko I. Hasegawa (Associate Fellow) www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw 
Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Academia Sinica 
hasegawa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw, Tel:+886-2-3365-2200 ex722 

