From wchen@astro.ncu.edu.tw Tue Sep 15 00:02:10 2009
Date: Tue, 15 Sep 2009 00:02:57 +0800 (CST)
From: Wen-Ping Chen <wchen@astro.ncu.edu.tw>
To: Taiwan Astronomy Network <astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>, asall09@astro.ncu.edu.tw
Subject: IAU Symposium 275: "Jets at all Scales" (fwd)



---------- Forwarded message ----------
Date: Mon, 14 Sep 2009 12:36:24 -0300
From: IAU Symposium 275 <jaas@iar.unlp.edu.ar>
To: wchen@astro.ncu.edu.tw
Subject: IAU Symposium 275: "Jets at all Scales"



First Announcement

IAU Symposium 275: "Jets at all Scales"
Buenos Aires, Argentina, September 13-17, 2010
http://jaas.iar-conicet.gov.ar/



In the past decade, a series of seven workshops devoted to the study
of microquasars -accreting compact objects with relativistic jets-
have been held in various locations every two years. The series of
workshops have resulted in a significant increase of our knowledge
of relativistic jets from galactic sources. From the first detection
of superluminal ejections, we now have observed the presence of jets
in a large number of neutron-star and black-hole binaries and even
in cataclysmic variables. Massive young stellar objects are also
known to generate jets and, at their endpoints, non-thermal emission
has been detected.

The availability of powerful facilities at all wavelengths has
allowed to probe the connection between the accretion of plasma
onto the central object (observed in the X-ray band) and the
emission of jets (as observed in the infrared and radio bands).
The field is still in rapid expansion with new space missions
such as AGILE and Fermi already active, and ground-based atmospheric
Cherenkov telescopes like HESS, MAGIC, and VERITAS doing amazing
discoveries, concerning both galactic and extragalactic jets.
In the meanwhile, new missions like ASTROSAT and extensions of the
high-energy telescope arrays like MAGIC II, HESS II, and large-scale
instruments like LOFAR, SKA, ALMA, CTA, and AGIS, along with the
forthcoming neutrino telescopes will increase dramatically our
observational power and will open a wide discovery space for this
research field. Extensive numerical simulations of jets are also
in rapid progress, which helps understanding the physical mechanisms
producing jets.

The time is now ripe to start a detailed comparison of all sources
containing jets such as Microquasars, Active Galactic Nuclei, and
Gamma-Ray Bursts. Both deep theoretical and observational insights
can result from an inter-disciplinary discussion of the fundamental
physics underlying the different objects and phenomena. The Symposium
is aimed at putting the various communities devoted to the study of
relativistic jets in closer contact. The past two workshops, both
titled "Microquasars and Beyond", have shown that this approach can
be very fruitful and that such an exchange would contribute significantly
to the advance of the field. Now it is time to go a step further and to
organize an international Symposium to deal in depth with jet physics
and phenomenology at all scales.

The IAU Symposium 275 will be hosted by the Group of Relativistic
Astrophysics and Radio Astronomy (GARRA) and the Instituto Argentino
de Radioastronomia, under the auspices of the International Astronomical
Union (IAU), Argentine Astronomical Society (AAA) and the National
Research Council (CONICET) of Argentina.

The talks will take place in the Main Lecture Room of the Aspen Towers
Hotel, in the very centre of Buenos Aires City. It can accommodate up to
140 people. There will be a separated room for posters and another one
for informal discussion (e.g. concerning future instrumentation).

The Scientific and Local Organizing Committees are listed below.

Scientific Organizing Committee:

Tomaso Belloni (INAF, Italy)
Alberto J. Castro-Tirado (IAA-CSIC, Spain)
Stephane Corbel (CEA Saclay, France)
Elena Gallo (MIT, USA)
Marat Gilfanov (MPA, Germany)
Elisabete M. de Gouveia Dal Pino (IAG-USP, Brazil)
Jochen Greiner (MPE, Germany)
Emrah Kalemci (Sabanci University, Turkey)
Amir Levinson (Tel Aviv University, Israel)
Sera Markoff (University of Amsterdam, The Netherlands)
Shin Mineshige (Kyoto University, Japan)
Josep M. Paredes (University of Barcelona, Spain)
Gustavo E. Romero -Chair- (IAR & University of La Plata, Argentina)
Rita M. Sambruna (NASA/GSFC, USA)
Rashid Sunyaev (MPA, Germany)
Joern Wilms (University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Germany)

Local Organizing Committee:

Deborah Aguilera (TANDAR, Argentina)
Ileana Andruchow (University of La Plata, Argentina)
Sergio A. Cellone (University of La Plata, Argentina)
Sofia A. Cora (University of La Plata, Argentina)
Jorge A. Combi (University of La Plata, Argentina)
Leonardo J. Pellizza (IAFE, Argentina)
Mariana Orellana (University of Valpara??so, Chile)
Matias Reynoso (University of Mar del Plata, Argentina)
Gustavo E. Romero -Chair- (IAR & University of La Plata, Argentina)


The main dates to remember are:

Registration opening: August 1, 2009
Financial support application deadline: March 1, 2010
Early registration deadline: March 31, 2010
Abstract submission deadline: May 31, 2010
Final program: August 2010
Meeting: September 13-17, 2010


Additional information and details on Registration can be found at
the Meeting web page (http://jaas.iar-conicet.gov.ar/).


We look forward to see you in Buenos Aires!

Gustavo E. Romero, on behalf of the organizers.
