
> Date: Thu, 19 Mar 2009 18:03:39 +0800   
> From: "Jeremy Lim" <jlim@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>         
> CC: chu@astro.uiuc.edu, jlim@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw, sychiu@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw, winny@asiaa.sini .....
Subject: Towards a National Observatory for Taiwan

Dear Yi-Jehng, 
 can you post this on TAN on behalf of Chu You-Hua?  thanks! 

regards, 
jeremy 

--------------------

Dear colleague, 

This is an invitation to a meeting at ASIAA to discuss the 
role of ASIAA in the management of observing facilities and 
the possibility of forming a national observatory to release 
the ASIAA from this obligation. 

At the 2008 ASIAA Advisory Panel meeting, the question of ASIAA's 
role in astronomical observing facilities was brought up.  It was 
felt that ASIAA should pioneer forays into new astronomical windows 
on the universe, instead of acting as a service organization 
for the construction and maintenance of large and well-tested 
observational facilities for the Taiwan astronomical community. 
To date, ASIAA has been fulfilling both functions, and this places 
a large service burden on the ASIAA scientific and engineering 
staff.  As the number of observing facilities grows, it is time 
to seriously consider a National Astronomical Observatory of 
Taiwan and transfer the organization and funding responsibility 
to NSC. 

I was asked by the Panel to study this problem and poll the 
astronomy community's opinion and make a report to the coming 
Panel meeting (March 26-27).  I talked to a few colleagues at 
the CAST meeting last May, but have not had a meeting with 
adequate representation of each university.  Therefore, I would 
like to call for a meeting on March 25, Wednesday, 11:10am-1:15 pm at ASIAA 
(7th floor, meeting location will be posted when you exit the elevator).  For 
those we cannot be present in person, we plan to host a skype conference; 
please therefore send your skype address to Cindy 
(sychiu@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw).  I apologize for the short notice, and I hope 
that you or at least one representative from your institution can come to this 
meeting.  A meeting agenda is appended below. 

In preparation for the meeting, I have prepared a questionaire that I hope 
those of you nominated below can reply to by Monday, 23.  Please email your 
answers to Cindy (sychiu@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw).  I thank you all in advance. 

Sincerely, 
You-Hua Chu 

Questionaire for presenters of radio and optical observing facilities: 
1.  What is the current project status? 
2.  What are the operation costs and funding sources? 
3.  What future additions/improvements or new instrumentation 
   are planned? 
4.  How is telescope time allocated? 
5.  What is the envisioned relationship to the National Astronomical 
   Observatory? 

SMA, ALMA, AMiBA: Paul Ho 
ARO: Kuan Yi-Jehng 
Lulin and Pann-Starrs: Chen Wen-Ping 
CFHT: Wang Shiang-Yu 

Agenda (Wednesday, March 25) 
------ 

11:10-11:20 am  Background 
                 Setting up stage 
                 What do we want to accomplish in this meeting 

11:20-11:45 am  Summary of questionaire 

11:45-12:00 pm  Overseas National Observatories 
                 How NOAO does it? what are the topics to discuss? 

12:00-12:15 pm  Funding agencies 
                 operation, instrumentation  (observatories) 
                 travel, publication  (guest observers) 

12:15-12:35 pm  Telescope allocation 
                 "system" 

12:35-1:05 pm   National Astronomical Observatory 
                 charter, mission statement 
                 organization 
                 funding 
1:05-1:15 pm     Wrap up 
 
