From wchen@astro.ncu.edu.tw Fri Nov  6 08:42:28 2009
Date: Fri, 6 Nov 2009 08:42:23 +0800 (CST)
From: Wen-Ping Chen <wchen@astro.ncu.edu.tw>
To: Taiwan Astronomy Network <astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Subject: Faculty position at JHU (fwd)

Hi Yi-Jehng

Something worth including into the TAN...

Wen Ping

..............

Astrophysics Faculty Position Department of Physics and Astronomy Johns
Hopkins University

The Department of Physics and Astronomy of the Johns Hopkins University
invites applications for a faculty position in astrophysics.  We will
consider applicants in all subfields of astrophysics. We expect that this
appointment will be made at the level of assistant professor, but
appointments at a higher level may be possible in exceptional cases. Current
faculty members are active in theory, developing astronomical
instrumentation (particularly for space-based platforms), observational
astronomy across a wide range of wavelengths, and data intensive science.
Research interests of the current faculty members include planetary science,
extra-solar planets, the interstellar medium, stellar populations,
high-energy astrophysics, active galaxies, galaxy formation and evolution,
and cosmology.  Johns Hopkins is a member of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey
and Pan-STARRS 1 projects, owns a share of the Apache Point Observatory 3.5m
telescope, is the home of the WMAP and Advanced Camera for Surveys teams,
and is an institutional member in the GALEX mission. We are playing a
leading role in the National Virtual Observatory.  We cooperate closely with
the adjacent Space Telescope Science Institute, the JHU Applied Physics
Laboratory, and NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.

Applicants should submit a curriculum vitae, list of publications, and short
description of research plans as PDF attachments to astrosearch@pha.jhu.edu
and also arrange to have three letters of reference e-mailed by reviewers to
the same address.  Mail may be addressed to: Astrophysics Search Committee,
c/o Ms. Pam Carmen, Department of Physics and Astronomy, Johns Hopkins
University, 3400 North Charles St., Baltimore, MD 21218 USA.  Consideration
of applications will begin on December 1, and will continue until the
position is filled. Hopkins is an affirmative action/equal opportunity
employer, and welcomes applications from women and members of
underrepresented groups.
