>From syliu@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw Tue Oct  5 01:21 CST 2004
Date: Tue, 5 Oct 2004 01:22:04 +0800 (CST)
From: Sheng-Yuan Liu <syliu@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
To: "Inst. of Astronomy and Astrophysics." <iaa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
cc: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Subject: [Colloquium] ASIAA Colloquium This Week (10/08 Friday)


  Dear all,

        This Friday, the colloquium will be presented by Prof. Xiaowei Liu
  visiting from Peking University. Prof. Liu will discuss the results of
  emission line nebulae studies via plasma diagnostics of optical and IR
  spectral features.

        Please mark your calendar and remember to join the talk!

  Regards,

  sheng-yuan

  ------------------------ ASIAA Colloquia ------------------------
   Speaker : Prof. Xiaowei Liu (Dept. of Astronomy, Peking University)
   Title   : Plasma diagnostics and elemental abundance determinations
               for emission line nebulae - current status
   Time    : 10/08 (Friday) 2:00 PM
   Location: ASIAA Room 716
   URL     : http://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/act/colloquium.php
   Abstract: Deep, medium resolution optical spectrophotometry has been
             carried out for several dozens PNe, allowing plasma diagnostics
             and abundance determinations using weak nebular continuum emission
             and optical recombination lines (ORLs) emitted by helium and
             heavy element ions following captures of electrons. Comparison
             with values deduced using the traditional method based on
             collisionally excited lines (CELs) shows that the long debated
             disparities, whereby electron temperature derived from the
             hydrogen recombination spectrum Balmer discontinuity is
             systematically lower than that deduced from the collisionally
             excited [O III] nebular to auroral forbidden line ratio and
             whereby heavy element abundances relative to hydrogen deduced
             from ORLs are systematically higher than the corresponding values
             determined from CELs, are ubiquitous.

             Many of these nebulae have also been observed in the mid- and
             far-IR using the Infrared Space Observatory (ISO), giving
             access to fine-structure lines (FSLs), which have been crucial
             to discriminate various scenarios proposed to explain the
             aforementioned disparities, including temperature fluctuations,
             density inhomogeneities and abundance variations.

             In this talk I will summarize observational results and show
             that both temperature fluctuations and density inhomogeneities
             fail to explain the observations and that there is strong
             evidence pointing to the presence of a component of ultra
             cold plasma, presumably in the form of H-deficient inclusions,
             embedded in the nebula.
  ------------------------------------------------------------------

