From hasegawa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw Thu Feb 11 15:43:39 2010
Date: Thu, 11 Feb 2010 15:40:30 +0800 (CST)
From: Tatsuhiko Hasegawa <hasegawa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Subject: call for sma proposal

ASIAA Call for SMA proposals for 2010A

Dear Colleagues,

The ASIAA SMA Time Allocation Committee solicits proposals for
the ASIAA time of the Submillimeter Array (SMA) for the period
from 2010 May 16th to 2010 November 15th (2010A semester).
The ASIAA SMA time is open to those who are affiliated to
a Taiwanese university or a Taiwanese research institute.

The deadline for proposal submission for the ASIAA SMA time
for the 2010A semester is 2010 March 12 (Friday), 4AM in the
morning (Taiwan time).  [The deadline corresponds to March 11
(Thursday) 10AM in Hawaii, USA, and 4PM EDTin Cambridge, USA.]

All Taiwanese SMA proposals must be submitted through the SMA
submission facility (http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/proposing.html).
New proposers in particular need to get registered (through
the submission web site) before submitting a proposal.
Taiwanese proposers should select "ASIAA" as their destination
TAC in the submission web page.  Please direct your inquiries
(in particular PI eligibility) to TATSUHIKO HASEGAWA
(hasegawa AT asiaa.sinica.edu.tw).

For technical information on the SMA, please visit
    http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/proposing.html   .
The SAO SMA information page has been updated for 2010A.
For Taiwan and ASIAA specific aspects (including the PI
eligibility, the ASIAA proposal selection process, and the
amount of available observing time), please visit
    http://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/~SMART/  .

A few cautions about proposal format and writing merit reiterating.
- In addition to the page limit, there are limits to the font size
   (11 point or larger) and layout (two pages for text only and two
   pages for figures, tables, and references).
- A request for a good weather without a compelling reason tends to
   get a lower rating from reviewers.

Additional messages from the ASIAA SMA TAC :

A PI (Principal Investigator) should lead the proposed project, and
is expected to be the first author of the resulting papers.  If a PI
will not be able to do these, the PI should provide the reason in the
proposal.  For example, in a multi-wavelength, international campaign,
the PI for an SMA proposal may not be leading the entire project or
going to be the first author.  In such a case, the PI should provide
the background or circumstance in the proposal.

Should a PI become unable to do the work, Co-Is (Co-Investigators)
are expected to follow up the analysis and publication of already
executed or allocated projects under the PI.  Co-investigators should
be aware of their responsibilities or obligations.  PIs should make
best efforts to obtain a consent before putting someone's name on a
proposal as a Co-I.

The PI of a successful proposal will be encouraged to provide an
observer at the summit of Mauna Kea.  For more details, please
consult the ASIAA web page listed above.

In order to encourage PhD students to use the SMA, the ASIAA SMA TAC
will make some considerations to proposals for PhD thesis projects.
Please visit the ASIAA web site for details.

The SMA is a complex instrument.  Consultation or collaboration
with those who are familiar with the SMA is recommended.  Contact
points for consultation are also found in the ASIAA web page
listed above.

Sincerely,

Tatsuhiko Hasegawa
ASIAA SMA TAC Chair


-- 
Tatsuhiko I. Hasegawa (Associate Fellow) www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Academia Sinica
hasegawa AT asiaa.sinica.edu.tw    Tel:+886-2-2366-5399
