From wchen@astro.ncu.edu.tw Wed May 12 17:44:09 2010
Date: Wed, 12 May 2010 17:43:21 +0800 (CST)
From: Wen-Ping Chen <wchen@astro.ncu.edu.tw>
To: Taiwan Astronomy Network <astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Subject: 1st Announcement: MODEST-10, Beijing 30/8-3/9/2010 (fwd)

Hi Yi-Jehng

Another conference info...  Please circulte.  Thanks.

Wen Ping



----------------------- First Announcement ----------------------

           Modelling Dense Stellar Systems (MODEST) - 10

           30 August - 3 September 2010, Beijing, China

      (We also encourage proposals for splinter sessions, either
       before or after the main meeting, and provide logistical
      support. Please email modest10@kiaa.pku.edu.cn if you would
                   like to pursue this option.)

                 http://silk0.bao.ac.cn/modest10/


Scientific Rationale
====================

Dense stellar clusters are the birth places of stars and planetary
systems, and form the building blocks of galaxies. The complex
interplay between stellar dynamics, stellar evolution, hydrodynamical
and radiation processes relevant for single and binary stellar
evolution and stellar collisions presents a formidable challenge for
physical understanding and accurate modelling.

In recent years, significant progress has been made in all these
domains, and powerful hardware (GPUs and GRAPEs) has become available
to vastly speed up simulations. In addition, a wealth of dynamical
observational data have become available, and will emerge in the near
future (LAMOST, GAIA). The combination of these advances has increased
our understanding related to a range of fundamental topics in
astronomy: star cluster formation and evolution, star formation,
planetary dynamics, stellar structure and evolution, dynamics of the
Galactic Centre, the formation and evolution of galaxies, and
cosmology.

At the same time, fresh problems have emerged which challenge the
basic paradigm of almost all recent work. Once regarded as an example
of simple stellar populations, born simultaneously, rich clusters are
now known to have a more complicated history, which affects everything
from their dynamical evolution to their composition.  Understanding
the formation and evolution of star clusters is a challenging task
that requires the collaboration and exchange of ideas by astronomers,
physicists, and computer scientists with observational and theoretical
expertise in Galactic and extragalactic astronomy.

The MODEST (Modelling Dense Stellar Clusters) collaboration is a
loosely-knit international collaboration among various groups working
on stellar dynamics, stellar evolution, stellar hydrodynamics, and
related research areas. One of the main activities of the
collaboration is to provide a software framework for large-scale
simulations of dense stellar systems, in which existing codes for
dynamics, stellar evolution, and hydrodynamics can be easily coupled,
and place them in the appropriate observational context.

This MODEST-10 workshop is, ten years since MODEST-1 was organised in
New York, the first in China and the first main MODEST meeting in
Asia.  In addition to its function as a scientific forum of our fields
it will be an occasion to look both back and forward at how we want to
shape the next ten years of the MODEST collaboration. The scientific
topics of MODEST-10 focus primarily on, but are not limited to:

1. The formation and evolution of star clusters, from birth to death,
   including the issues of infant mortality, stellar multiplicity, the
   initial mass function, mass segregation, and the effect of tidal
   fields;

2. Resolved globular clusters and globular cluster systems in nearby
   and distant galaxies;

3. Dwarf galaxies, the formation of tidal dwarfs and nuclear star
   clusters;

4. Exotic objects in dense stellar systems (blue stragglers, contact
   binaries, black holes, and other compact objects);

5. The dynamics of planetary systems in star cluster environments;

6. Modeling of galactic nuclei, including our own Galactic Centre; the
   interaction between stars, star clusters and supermassive black
   holes;

7. Comparison between observations and simulations -- preparing for
   large surveys in the next decade;

8. High-performance computational facilities (GPUs, GRAPEs,
   supercomputers) and innovative computing environments (grids,
   MUSE).

With regard to the special tradition of MODEST as a forum for open and
ample discussion, we have designed an unusual workshop structure,
consisting of moderators, discussion leaders, review and highlight
speakers and speakers linked to a special computational astrophysics
and e-science session. In all roles, invitees will have an opportunity
to also present their own results and view of the field.  MODEST-10
will NOT be just the classical sequence of talk/discussion, but the
success of this new concept depends on all of you.

INVITED (review and highlight) SPEAKERS, DISCUSSION LEADERS, and
MODERATORS (c: confirmed/likely):

Tal Alexander          John Fregeau         David Merritt
Jay Anderson (c)       Evgenij Gaburov      Steffen Mieske
Holger Baumgardt       Mark Gieles (c)      Eric Peng (c)
Kenji Bekki            Stephen Gillessen    Giampaolo Piotto
Peter Berczik (c)      Douglas Heggie (c)   Simon Portegies Zwart
Torsten Boeker (c)     Jarrod Hurley (c)    Fred Rasio
Ian Bonnell            Piet Hut (c)         Alison Sills
Rupali Chandar (c)     Natascha Ivanova (c) Rainer Spurzem (c)
Patrick Cote           Sungsoo Kim (c)      Ron Taam (c)
Francesca D'Antona     Andreas Kuepper (c)  Dany Vanbeveren (c)
Melvyn Davies          Xiaowei Liu (c)      Enrico Vesperini (c)
Richard de Grijs (c)   Youjun Lu (c)        Qingjuan Yu (c)
Walter Dehnen          Tom Maccarone (c)    Jilin Zhou
Licai Deng (c)         Junichiro Makino

The MODEST-10 workshop is jointly organised by the Kavli Institute for
Astronomy and Astrophysics at Peking University (KIAA;
http://kiaa.pku.edu.cn) and the National Astronomical Observatories of
the Chinese Academy of Sciences (NAOC; http://www.bao.ac.cn).

On Monday 30 and Tuesday 31 August, the science sessions will be held
at the KIAA, on Wednesday 1 September we will arrange for two buses to
drive us to Xinglong Observatory (some 3 hours north of Beijing) for a
session on LAMOST science (and your chance to see the telescope first
hand), and on Thursday 2 and Friday 3 September, we will convene at
the NAOC (bus transportation from the Peking University campus will be
provided).

REGISTRATION IS NOW OPEN:
http://silk0.bao.ac.cn/cgi-bin/modest10/modest10-regi.pl

The early registration deadline is 1 July 2010. This is also the
deadline for hotel reservations through our block booking for hotels
on or close to the Peking University campus (see
http://kiaa.pku.edu.cn/Visit_Info/accommodation.html for hotel options
if you would like to do this independently). Please let us know
whether you want us to book a hotel room for you (payment in Chinese
yuan at the registration desk, please).

PLEASE NOTE THAT ALL NON-CHINESE NATIONALS NEED TO APPLY FOR A VISA TO
ENTER CHINA! Information about the visa requirements and procedure can
be found here: http://silk0.bao.ac.cn/modest10/visa.html

We are looking forward to welcoming you to Beijing in September!

On behalf of the Local Core Group and Scientific Advisory Panel,

Richard de Grijs
