Date: Tue, 17 Aug 2010 14:40:38 +0800 (CST)   
From: eama8 <eama8@shao.ac.cn>         
To: minh@kasi.re.kr, honmamr@cc.nao.ac.jp, .....
Subject: 8-th EAMA (East Asian Astronomy Meeting) Symposium
"East Asian Network of Astronomy: Research, Education, and Popularization"
10-15 October, 2010, Shanghai, China  All headers  
   
8-th EAMA (East Asian Astronomy Meeting) Symposium 
"East Asian Network of Astronomy: Research, Education, and Popularization" 
10-15 October, 2010, Shanghai, China 
 

Dear Sir/Madame,   

You are cordially invited to participate in the 8th EAMA Symposium held at the conference hall of Hope Hotel of Shanghai, October 10-15, 2010 . The proceeding will bring out the participation of a large number of researchers from Asia. 

The register is now ready, please go to  http://www.shao.ac.cn/eama8/reg.html for registration. 

The registration fee?Ghttp://www.shao.ac.cn/eama8/Payment.htm. 

The participants may indicate a preference for oral, poster presentation. The SOC will make final decisions on the mode of presentation. 

For the financial support, the basic idea is that those core observatories or institutes in China (NAOC), Japan (NAOJ), Korea (KASI) and Taiwan (ASIAA) support travel and accommodations of attendants from each region/countriesy. The similar idea is applied to the attendants from other countries/regions. However, for those attendants from regions/countries without adequate governmental nor institutional supports we try to provide limited amount of funding to waive the registration fee. When you feel that you need support to attend the symposium please send your funding support request to: dyzhu@shao.ac.cn ?AMr. Dayi Zhu, Shanghai Astronomical Observatory, CAS, together with your submission of the contributed paper and 2 recommendation letters. (Deadline is 20 August) 

The proceeding will be published in the journal ??Progress in Astronomy (supplement series)??. 

For the accommodation, we strongly recommend the Hope Hotel, where the meeting is held. For the Hope Hotel reservation, just simply fill the registration form and pay the hotel charge at the LOC registration desk when you arrive. 
For other hotels reservation, please book the hotels by yourself.   

Yours sincerely, 
LOC, Shanghai Astronomical Observatory 

