 Date: Fri, 10 Dec 2010 19:04:32 +0800 (CST)
 From: Chin-Fei Lee <cflee@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
 To: Taiwan Astronomy Network <astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
 Subject: 2nd Announcement of 2nd ALMA User Workshop

Dear Yi-Jehng,

    Could you please circulate the following annoucement? Thanks!

Chin-Fei

----------------------------------------------------------------
                     ALMA User Workshop

                       Feb 26-27, 2011

    Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Academia Sinica

       http://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20110226/
----------------------------------------------------------------
Announcement
Registration Deadline: Feb 11, 2011


The Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics at Academia Sinica (ASIAA)
announces its second workshop for Taiwanese ALMA users. The workshop is
oriented for all astronomers, regardless of specialty.

The ALMA observatory is in construction at the present, with 8 antennas
already at the Array Operations Site (AOS). The first call for proposals
will be issued soon in the beginning (likely in March) of 2011 for the Early
Science (ES). This ALMA workshop is designed to provide users with the
update of ALMA project and the capabilities in the phase of ES, and to
familiarize users with the (updated) tools for preparing and submitting their
proposals, along with hands-on exercises, right before the call for
proposals. An additional workshop will be organized later (likely in April)
after the call for proposals when the capabilities in the ES phase are
finalized, and the users are preparing or finishing up their proposals. Note
that, more workshops will be organized later for the observing preparation
and data reduction, once the users are required to provide the detailed
information for the execution of the observations.

The organizing committee encourages all the Taiwanese astronomers and
scholars interested in observing with ALMA to take part in this workshop.
Students coming from outside Taipei City/County can apply for travel support
from ASIAA for the transportation and accommodation, and this support is
sponsored by tuCASA. Due to limited space and the hands-on nature of this
workshop, participation will be limited to 80 people.

The program of the workshop will include:

    1. ALMA capabilities in Early Science and Full Operation phases
    2. Observing with ALMA and user supports from ARCs, Taiwan-ARC node, & tuCASA
    3. ALMA softwares for preparing, submitting, and tracking proposals: User Portal, Help-Desk, Observing Tool, Splatalogue
    4. CASA SIMDATA imaging simulation for observation planning
    5. Hands-on exercise on proposal preparation and submission

Actions

    1. For the participants with less experience in Radio Interferometry, please attend the ALMA Novice-User Workshop 2010 in advance.
    2. Each participant should have browsed through the presentation files in our first ALMA user workshop.
    3. Each participant should have read the ALMA Primer and looked through the Science Web pages.
    4. Everyone who is coming to the workshop should try preparing their own favorite proposal BEFORE coming to the workshop.
    5. Each participant is encouraged to have worked through a ES SIMDATA example (to be provided later).

LOC

     * Chin-Fei Lee (Chair)
     * Sheng-Yuan Liu
     * Shigehisa Takakuwa
     * Yu-Nung Su
     * Masaaki Hiramatsu
     * Alfonso Trejo Cruz
     * Linda Shao
     * Suh-Lian Lin

Registration Deadline: Feb 11, 2011
