From yichou@astro.ncu.edu.tw Fri Sep 17 13:44:05 2010
Date: Fri, 17 Sep 2010 13:44:07 +0800
From: Yi Chou <yichou@astro.ncu.edu.tw>
To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Subject: NCU Postdoc Position Openings


Dear Yi-Jheng,

 

Could you distribute the following message to TAN?  Thanks,

 

 

Positions for Postdoctoral Fellows

 

NCU Institute of Astronomy  is planning to expand its research activity by
adding a number of postdoctoral fellows to focused areas. Besides ongoing
efforts on extragalactic and galactic astronomy, star formation, explosive
events, variable stars, exoplanets,

and solar system study, we offer research opportunities on a number of
large-scale international projects including Pan-STARRS and ALMA.

 

l   NCU is a member of the Pan-STARRS science consortium
(http://pan-starrs.ifa.hawaii.edu/public/). Pan-STARRS began its 3-year
wide-field all-sky survey in May 2010.  Postdocs working at NCU are invited to
collaborate on solar-system, Galactic or large-scale structure key projects, or
to initiate their own programs. 

 

l   Taiwan has joined the ALMA project through collaborations with Japan and
North America.  NCU postdoctoral fellows, being in a member university of The
University Consortium of ALMA-Taiwan (tuCASA), .have the  the privilege to apply
for Taiwan's share of observing time not only for ALMA but also for
CFHT, SMA, and the Arizona 12-m and 10-m radio telescopes. For information on
tuCASA and ALMA please visit http://www.es.ntnu.edu.tw/tuCASA.

 

l   The Institute members are also actively involved in space exploration in
cooperation with international research teams on the Mars Express mission, the
Cassini mission to Saturn and Titan, the Rosetta mission to comet
67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko,

the BepiColombo mission to Mercury, the Europa Jupiter System Mission and the
Hayabusa 2 mission to the near-Earth asteroid 1999 JU3.

 

Please submit application to the Institute Director, Prof. Yi Chou, including
CV, list of publications, and research plan. Three reference letters in support
of the application should be sent separately to the above address. The nominal
submission deadline is November 30 but applications will be reviewed at
different times pending upon the project requirements and availability of
funding. For more information, please contact Ms. Tracy Chiou
(tracy@astro.ncu.edu.tw).

 

 

 

 

Yi Chou

Associate Professor

Director of Graduate Institute of Astronomy

National Central University

 


