
                       Final Announcement of the EAMA8                         

                                                                     2010-9-28 

Dear all,

Sorry for the late release of the final announcement. The 8th EAMA Symposium
will be held at the conference hall of Hope Hotel of Shanghai, October 10-15,
2010. We are now sending you the final announcement for the symposium.
Please visit our webpage for the latest information.                           

How to Come to the Hope Hotel

On October 10, LOC shall arrange a 16 seats mini-bus at the Pudong International
Airport at three time step to pick you up. Students will hold an EAMA8 brand at
the exit of the arriving hall. Please look for carefully. The departure time at
the airport will depend on the best arrival time schedule of the participants.
So please send LOC (eama8@shao.ac.cn) your airline ticket information at your
earliest convenience.                                                          

If you missed the bus provided by the LOC, then you can come by yourself. There
are a variety of ways to come to the Hope Hotel. (Address: 500 Zhao Jia Bang Rd.
?W???F?????500?, ?n?????j???) 

>From Pudong International Airport:

By Taxi: This is the easiest way. Pudong Airport to Hotel is about 45 km or 45
minutes drive. The costs is about RMB160.00 

By Subway: Your can take Metro Line 2 and transfer at Long Yang Rd. Station to
Line 7 (direction: Shanghai University), take off at Zhao Jia Bang Rd. Station
(?a?7???F???????). 

You can also take the Mega-Lev train from Pudong International Airport to Long
Yang Road. It is very fast and will take you about 7 minutes with the highest
speed about 430km/h. Then you can transfer Line 7 as above. The Mega-Lev runs
from 7:00AM to 9PM at every 15 minutes. The price is 50RMB for one way. 

>From Hong Qiao International Airport: 

By taxi: The hotel is about 13 km or 30 minutes drive by taxi. The cost is about
RMB50.00.
By Subway: Take the subway Line 2, and transfer at Jing'an Temple Station to
Line 7 (direction Hua Mu Road), take off at Zhao Jia Bang Rd. Station.

>From Shanghai Railway Station: 

By Subway: Take Line 1 (direction: Xin Zhuang), transfer to Line 7 (direction
Hua Mu Road) at Chang Shu Rd. Station and take off at Zhao Jia Bang Rd. Station.

>From Shanghai Hong Qiao Railway Station:

By Subway: Take Line 2, and transfer at Jing'an Temple Station to Line 7
(direction Hua Mu Road), take off at Zhao Jia Bang Rd. Station.

>From South Shanghai Railway Station:

Take Line 1 (direction: Fu Jing Road) transfer at Xu Jia Hui Station to Line 9
(direction: Yang Gao Zhong Road), and take off at Zhao Jia Bang Rd. Station. You
can also transfer at Chang Shu Rd. Station to Line 7 (direction Hua Mu Road) and
take off at Zhao Jia Bang Rd. Station.

The Proceeding 

The proceeding will be published in the journal "Progress in Astronomy
(supplement series)". The language is English. Both word and AAS latex styles
are acceptable. All the submitted papers will be reviewed by SOC members. The
page limits are as follows:

Invited review: 6 pages
Contributed talks: 4 pages
Posters: 1 page 

All the documents should send to us within two weeks after the end of the
Symposium. The email address is : twxjz@shao.ac.cn 

The Scientific Program 

It is available in our webpage:?]http://202.127.29.4/eama8/ScientificProgram.htm?^. And it may be slightly changed later on.


                                                                 LOC of EAMA8

                                                                    2010-9-28

