From chang@phys.nthu.edu.tw Wed Dec 31 12:16 CST 1997
Return-Path: <chang@phys.nthu.edu.tw>
Received: from thccx9.cc.nthu.edu.tw by biaa17.biaa.sinica.edu.tw (5.x/SMI-SVR4)
	id AA01293; Wed, 31 Dec 1997 12:15:13 +0800
Received: by thccx9.cc.nthu.edu.tw (station v4.1.S) from phys.nthu.edu.tw 
 		id LAA23476; Wed, 31 Dec 1997 11:59:44 +0800 (CST)
Received: by phys.nthu.edu.tw (th3.2r)  
 		id MAA24098; Wed, 31 Dec 1997 12:13:19 +0800 (CST)
Message-Id: <199712310359.LAA23476@thccx9.cc.nthu.edu.tw>
From: chang@phys.nthu.edu.tw ([amadeus on the run])
Subject: TAO news in China Times
To: astro@biaa17.biaa.sinica.edu.tw
Date: Wed, 31 Dec 1997 12:13:19 +0800 (CST)
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO_8859_1
Content-Length: 3576
Status: RO

Hi guys,

Good to see Typhoon came out to clear up the confusion realted to TAO 
news as soon as possible.
I was going to send an e-mail to blame Typhoon for further polarizing our 
astrophysics community after reading the China Times article.  But having
dealt with the newspapers in the past, I had my suspicion that it is 
probably not his intention or mistake.
Anyway, in the future, we should tell the newspaper that if they are 
going to use our names as the source, he/she should let us approve the 
content of the article before it appears.
Our small astrophysics community has enough trouble as it is.  We donot 
need newspaper to give us more.
As far as I know, NSC is also quite troubled by the absence of its credit 
from the article.  Let us be sensitive to the fact that NSC needs to be 
recognized for its contribution also, just like AS or NCU.

Another thing I probably should mention also.  I proposed to K.Y. Lo and 
C.H. Chieuh before but didnot take any action until now.  My proposal is 
to find a better mechanism to fund astrophysical observational trips.  
I proposed that, instead of funding individual project for the potential 
observational trips (which may or may not realize) of the incoming year, 
it is probably more reasonable to collect these funds into an 
"Observational Fund" so that each astronomer can apply for travel funding 
once their telescope time is approved.  
My suggestion is 
(1)all the potential observers have their names included in a single 
integrated proposal called "astrophysical observation management proposal".
(2)no individual proposal will need to include fund for observational 
trips in the future.
(3)An "Observational Fund" be set up based on the fund from the above 
mentioned intergated proposal PLUS some contribution from Academia Sinica.
The sole purpose of the Fund is to support observational trip to 
international, well-recognized observatories (therefore, exclude the trips 
such as the ones that TON made).  The funding formula should not exceed 
the standard set by NSC.
(4)A 2-3 personal Committee be set up to manage the Fund.  They can be 
used as co-PI of the integrated proposal.  I would suggest K.Y. Lo and 
C.H. Chieuh to be the initial co-PI.  In order to demonstrate fairness, I 
would suggest that co-PI should not use the fund while they are co-PI.  
(5)When an astronomer applies to an international observatory for 
observation time, they should send a copy to the Fund also for the record.  
When the observation time is approved, he should apply to the Fund for 
support based on the approval letter.
(6)Initial funding from NSC should be about the sum of all the approved 
travel fund for observation last year(excluding TON) plus pro-rated 
increase of the total physics budget.  In the future, all the increase 
will be negotiated between co-PI and NSC.  The initial contribution from 
IAAP should be negotiated between the the community and IAAP also.
(7)co-PI should be responsible to NSC about the management of the Fund.

I mentioned the idea to Director Ku before and he does not object as long 
as the astrophysics community can have some consensus.

Since I am leaving NSC tomorrow, this is my final piece of widsom (5 cents?) 
to be contributed to our astrophysics community.  take it or leave it.
Starting tomorrow, you guys figure out whether it is workable or not and 
how to make it works.  Sorry I could not do more for astrophysics community
during my term.  While I love you guys, my physics and a bunch of other 
things or subjects are sexier!

Thanks!

Darwin

