Faculty Position in Astronomy
National Taiwan Normal University
Department of Earth Sciences
88, Section 4, Ting-Chou Road
Taipei 11677, Taiwan, ROC

Tel: +886-2-7734-6379
FAX: +886-2-2933-3315
Email Inquiries: foucaud@ntnu.edu.tw
URL: http://www.es.ntnu.edu.tw/
Attention: Yi-Jehng Kuan, Professor and Chair
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Department of Earth Sciences of National Taiwan Normal University invites
applications for a faculty position in astronomy to begin Fall 2012. Candidates
in all areas of astronomy and astrophysics will be considered. We are
particularly interested in candidates working in developing cross-disciplinary
projects within the department of Earth Sciences, for instance in the fields of
comparative planetology or space weather. The position is expected to be at the
Assistant Professor level, but a higher level appointment may be considered for
exceptionally qualified candidates.

The Astronomy group of the department has a close research tie with Academia
Sinica Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics (ASIAA). Members of the group
lead active programs in astrobiology, astrochemistry, binary stars, stellar
clusters, galaxy evolution, Active Galactic Nuclei and clusters of galaxies.
NTNU astronomy faculty currently enjoy access to large number of facilities
such as ALMA, SMA, SMT, KP12M, Subaru and CFHT. Computational facilities at the
department of Earth Sciences include the Taiwan Extragalactic Astronomical Data
Center, with large storage dedicated to Virtual Observatory, and two clusters
with 32 and 54 cores respectively, dedicated to atmospheric and oceanographic
simulations.

The appointees should have a demonstrated record in research and a commitment to
excellence in undergraduate and graduate teaching. Preference will be given to
individuals whose interests, abilities, and experience benefit our existing
programs. Candidates should have a Ph.D. in Astronomy, Astrophysics, Planetary
Sciences, Physics or a closely related field, and preferably have post-doctoral
experience. Email inquiries may be addressed to: Sebastien Foucaud
(foucaud@ntnu.edu.tw).

Applicants should submit a cover letter, a current curriculum vita, a list of
publications, an outline of present research accomplishments and future research
plans, a teaching statement, and a photocopy of doctorate diploma, directly to
Prof. Yi-Jehng Kuan at the above address. Applicants should also arrange for
three letters of recommendation to be sent to the same address. Complete
applications should be received by February 29, 2012 for full consideration.

