
> Date: Fri, 31 Oct 2008 13:22:21 +0800 (CST)
> From: Wen-Ping Chen <wchen@astro.ncu.edu.tw>
> To: Taiwan Astronomy Network <astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> Subject: NCU Colloquium Nov 7, 2008 (Friday)

Hi Yi-Jehng,

Our colloquium announcement ... please circulate; thanks.

Wen Ping

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Date/Time: Nov 7 (Friday) 14:00

Place: S4-1013 (NCU)

Speaker: Jeremy Lim (ASIAA)

Title: X-ray Cooling Flows

Abstract:

Rich clusters of galaxies are immersed in X-ray emitting gas (which
originated from the Cosmic Web and/or are stripped from infalling gas-rich
galaxies).  In the absence of strong reheating, the X-ray gas around the
cluster core should cool on timescales much shorter than the Hubble time,
and flow towards the center in a phenomenon known as an X-ray cooling
flow. Although predicted about 40 years ago, subsequent searches for the
resultant cool gas or its products (stars) have failed to find material at
quantities anywhere near the predicted levels.  Observations this decade
show that the X-ray gas around the cluster center is strongly reheated by
the AGN in the central cD galaxy, and that any X-ray cooling flow is
weaker than can be currently detected in X-rays.

Nevertheless, an increasing number of central cD galaxies in putative
X-ray cooling-flow clusters have been found to contain large amounts of
relatively cool gas, the dominant component of which constitutes cool
molecular gas traced in CO.  Here, I report our observations of CO in
Perseus A, the central cD galaxy in the Perseus Cluster, which is one of
the closest rich galaxy clusters and the X-ray-brightest cluster in the
sky.  I show that the properties of the cool molecular gas traced in CO is
consistent with predictions for a X-ray cooling flow, thus providing the
most direct evidence yet for the existence of a X-ray cooling flow in any
cluster.  I also describe the relationship between the cool molecular gas
and other gas components at higher temperatures, and examine the possible
fate of this gas.


