
> Date: Sun, 19 Oct 2008 20:44:51 +0800   
> From: slai@phys.nthu.edu.tw      
> Subject: Re: First Circulation of the 5th ALMA J/T meeting
   
Dear Yi-Jehng, 

Could you send out the announcement through TAN? 
Thank you! 

Shih-Ping 

----------

First Announcement on

The 5th Japan-Taiwan ALMA Science Meeting

"Star Formation and Astrochemistry"

                     5-6 December 2008,
              National Tsing-Hua University, Taiwan

http://www2.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/act/alma/200812/index.php


This is the first announcement of the 5th Japan-Taiwan ALMA Science
Meeting to be held at National Tsing-Hua University on 5-6 Dec 2008.

Further information is available on our web page:
http://www2.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/act/alma/200812/index.php


WORKSHOP FORMAT

Astronomers in Japan and Taiwan are putting their efforts together to
the ALMA project. In order to promote the discussion on the science
and collaboration between Japan and Taiwan, Japan-Taiwan ALMA Science
Meetings has been held four times since the end of 2005.  The 5th
Japan-Taiwan ALMA Science Meeting will be held on 5-6 December 2008
and is jointly hosted by the Institute of Astronomy at National
Tsing-Hua University (NTHU) and the Institute of Astronomy and
Astrophysics at Academia Sinica (ASIAA) in Taiwan.  In addition to the
radio astronomers in Japan and Taiwan, we would like to extend our
invitation to non-radio observers and theorists in order to broaden
the scientific scopes of the meeting.  We also encourage graduate
students to join the meeting and give poster presentations.  There is
no registration fee.

In order to prepare the community for the upcoming call for proposals
for Early Science and Commissioning & Science Verification of ALMA
(expected to be around January 2010), the workshop format of this
meeting will be very different from the previous meetings.  There are
two major changes in the workshop format.  First, the scientific
topics of presentations will be focused on "Star Formation and
Astrochemistry" including both galactic and extragalactic aspects.
Second, the contributed oral presentations will be limited to the
presentations of future ALMA observing proposals.  Each oral
presentation will be immediately followed by a discussion section.
Poster presentations can be on either future ALMA proposals or on
recent research results.  A talk on the current progress of the ALMA
project and possibly a few talks on the proposals for future
development of ALMA will be presented at the beginning of the meeting.
 In addition, we also plan to have a discussion section on the ALMA
long-term development at the end of the meeting. Further information
will be distributed through the meeting web site.

Participants who would like to contribute an oral presentation should
submit their title and abstract through the registration page before 7
Nov 2008.  The rest of the participants should register before 20 Nov
2008.  Because the time for oral presentations is limited, it is
possible that only part of the submitted oral presentations will be
selected for the meeting program.  The decision will be send out by 20
Nov 2008.  The selected oral presenters will be asked to submit the
details of their observing proposals using the form for ALMA Design
Reference Science Plan (DRSP, see
http://www.strw.leidenuniv.nl/~alma/drsp2_template.txt) by the end of
November.  We welcome non-radio observers and theorists to propose
their new observing ideas, and these participants can fill out the
DRSP form with less detail.  We will post all received DRSP forms on
our web page before the meeting in order to enhance the efficiency and
depth of the discussion.

We encourage the chair of each sub-working group holds their meeting
before or after the main workshop.  We will help to arrange the
meeting venue upon request.


VENUE and TRANSPORTATION

Hsinchu city is located about 80 km southwest of Taipei and 50 km from
Taoyuan International Airport (TPE).  The International Conference
Hall is located on the 8th floor of the General Building II and right
across the hallway from the Theoretical Institute for Advance Research
in Astrophysics (TIARA) at NTHU. Further information and maps about
the venue and travel to NTHU can be found in our web page.


ACCOMMODATION

The LOC has secured 5 single rooms and 16 double rooms of Guest House
I on NTHU campus. The room rates are NT1800 and NT1500 per room
(including breakfast) for the single rooms and double rooms,
respectively.  If the capacity of the Guest House I is not enough for
hosting all participants, participants who register later will be
placed in the nearby Berkeley Hotel which is located within walking
distance from the International Conference Hall.  The room rates for
Berkeley Hotel are NT1800 and NT2100 per room (without breakfast) for
the single rooms and double rooms, respectively.  Shared accommodation
 is provided without charge to participants from Taiwan who live outside 
Hsinchu city/county during the workshop period from Dec. 4th to Dec. 6th. 
If you would like to ask the LOC to book your room, please fill in the check-in and
check-out date in the online registration form before the deadline (20
Nov 2008).  If you would like to share a room with a particular
person, please fill her/his name on the registration form.  We will
inform you whether your room is reserved or not just after the
deadline.  Further information about the Guest House I and Berkeley
Hotel can be found in our web page.   


ARRANGEMENT OF SUB-WORKING GROUP MEETING

The organization of sub-working group meetings before the main
workshop is highly recommended to maximize the output of the meeting.
The LOC will help you reserve rooms at National Tsing-Hua University
for sub-working group meetings.  Please send your request to Shih-Ping
Lai (almajt5@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw).


IMPORTANT DEADLINES

 Registration for oral presentations: 7 Nov 2008
 Registration for poster presentations and without presentations: 20 Nov 2008
 Accommodation and Meals: 20 Nov 2008
 Reservation of rooms for sub-working group meeting: 20 Nov 2008


REGISTRATION FORM

Please fill the registration form at

http://www2.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/act/alma/200812/registration.php

before the deadline.


-------------------------------------------------------------------

SCIENCE ORGANIZING COMMITTEE

Aikawa, Yuri (Kobe University)
Kuan, Yi-Jehng (National Taiwan Normal University)
Lai, Shih-Ping (National Tsing-Hua University)
Onishi, Toshikazu (Nagoya University)

LOCAL ORGANIZING COMMITTEE

Ching, Tao-Chung (National Tshing-Hua University)
Lai, Shih-Ping (National Tsing-Hua University)
Liu, Sheng-Yuan (Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics)
Shao, Linda (Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics)
Tsai, Yin-Chih (Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics)
 
