
> From: Sheng-Yuan Liu <syliu@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> Subject: The Second Asian Radio Astronomy School (1st Announcement)
> Date: Wed, 26 Mar 2008 15:43:20 +0800
> To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw, riaa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw

                     Second Asian Radio Astronomy School
                       Aug 18-22, 2008 at ASIAA, Taipei

                             First Announcement

Dear colleagues,

	We are pleased to announce the Second Asian Radio Astronomy
  School to be held on August 18-22, 2008 at Academia Sinica, Institute
  of Astronomy and Astrophysics (ASIAA) in Taipei, Taiwan.

	With the advance and growing number of both ground- and space-
  based interferometric array facilities at radio, millimeter, and
  submillimeter wavelengths, observational radio astronomy, particularly
  at high angular resolution, has become increasingly important.  
Sponsored
  by ASIAA, this school is intended for students and scientists with  
strong
  interests in carrying out research with radio interferometric  
facilities.
  Basic knowledge in radio astronomy is preferred but not required  
for the
  attendants. The program will include lectures on the fundamentals  
of radio
  interferometry and a number of selected facilities such as VERA,  
VSOP-2,
  SMA, and ALMA, as well as hands-on exercises with real observational
  data. All sessions will be conducted in English.

	Due to the lecture hall and lodging capacity, the number of
  attendant is limited to 100 people. Should there be too many  
applicants,
  priority will be given to applicants from Taiwan, Japan, and the East
  Asian region.

	ASIAA will provide shared accommodation for participants (except
  those from Taipei city/county) during the school period from Aug  
17th to
  Aug 22th. Lunches and a banquet will also be arranged. Overseas
  participants are expected to meet their own travel and other expenses.

	Related information can be found on the school web page at
  https://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/act/radio_school/2008/.
  Iquiries regarding the school can be made to the following e-mail
  address, radio_school@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
	On-line registration will open on April 15th, 2007.

  Important Dates :

   March 26, 2007   : First Circular
   April 15, 2007   : Second Circular; Tentative lecture program;
                    : Online registration opens
   June 15, 2007    : Registration Deadline
   June 30, 2007    : Selection and announement of attendees (if  
necessary)
   August 01, 2007  : Final circular; Lecture material online
   August 18, 2007  : School begins

  Organizing Committee (in alphabetic order) :

   Vivien Chen (NTHU)
   Yoshiaki Hagiwara (Space VLBI, NAOJ)
   Tomoya Hirota (VERA, NAOJ)
   Daisuke Iono (U of Tokyo/NAOJ)
   Ryohei, Kawabe (NRO, NAOJ)
   Patrick Koch (ASIAA)
   Chin-Fei Lee (ASIAA)
   Sheng-Yuan Liu (ASIAA)
   Shigehisa Takakuwa (ASIAA)

