
> Date: Thu, 31 Jan 2008 21:01:53 -1000   
> From: Ming-Tang Chen <mchen@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>         
> Subject: Help on Ad  All headers  

Hello Yi-Jehng, 

Could you help me to post this ad for two weeks in your astro news?   
Much appreciated. 

Happy New Year, 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TELESCOPE TESTING/OPERATOR, AMIBA.
Academia Sinica, Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics.

The Array for Microwave Background Anisotropy project (AMiBA) is looking for
TWO (2) full-time employees for the AMiBA telescope operations. The positions
will be based in Hilo, Hawaii, in the facility of the ASIAA Hawaii Operations.
Continuation of employment is dependent upon program/operational needs,
satisfactory work performance, and availability of funds. Salary level: is in
accordance with AS system, with extra supplement and benefits for living in
Hawaii. Duties: Main duty is the operation of the AMiBA telescope under the
directions of a senior team member. The operation refers mainly to be in
charge of the telescope control during the observations and the generation of
reports as requested. Also, assist engineering and scientific staff in the
array testing as necessary. Qualifications: Education: Bachelor degree or
higher, in science or engineering department. Major in physical science is
preferred. Astronomy background with strong interest in cosmology is a plus.

Experience: No experience required. One year of hand-on experience in
astronomical observation related training is preferred. One or more years of
work experience with professional astronomical observatory is a plus.

Abil/Know/Skills: Advanced user level of Linux/Unix, MS Windows or Apple
computer environments. Must hold a valid, current driving license and be able
to drive 4-wheel drive vehicles. Be able to provide clear and concise
self-expression in English -verbal and written- language. Be able to interact
effectively with the existing team members.

Desirable Qualifications: Must be able to work at 11,000 feet, and pass a
high-altitude medical examination. Able to communicate in Mandarin is a plus.
Programming knowledge is desirable and proficient in GUI interface programming
is a plus.

Inquiries: Ming-Tang Chen, e-mail: mchen@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw, or skype contact:
mingtangchen. For application, please e-mail your resume, and a cover letter
concerning this position application. The cover letter should state your
interest in this opening, and list three references with contact information.
The closing date for these positions is March 1, 2008.

