
> Date: Wed, 24 Sep 2008 09:35:44 +0800   
> From: "Jeremy Lim" <jlim@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>         
> To: kuan@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
> Subject: pls post in TAN - thanks!

Dear Colleagues, 
    As mentioned in the last Call for CFHT-Taiwan Proposals, the CFHT-Taiwan 
Time Assignment Committee (TAC) will be giving increasing weight to the status 
of previously executed projects in allocation of future observing time on the 
telescope.  Prompt publication of already executed projects is vital for the 
scientific health of our community, and necessary to secure future funding to 
support our use of the CFHT. 
    To help the PIs, TAC, and entire Taiwan community keep track of the status 
of individual projects, a WEB page has been created to allow individual PIs to 
record the current status of their projects.  Please do so before 27 Oct 2008, 
the date of the next CFHT-T User's Meeting.  Note also that the next CFHT-T 
TAC meeting is anticipated for 3 November 2008. 

    If you are a member of the ASIAA, you can access the WEB page by following 
the instructions below. 

IAA home page -> OIR -> CFHT observations -> Semester (ie. 2008A) -> Project 
Status 
-> Status of CFHT Projects for ASIAA Users 

or use the link: 

https://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/Internal/cfht_project/ListStatus.php 

Please update your personal project status and here we explained the meaning 
of selected fields. 

Processing : the date your data are processed. 
Stacking   : the date your data are stacked. 
Delivery   : the date you get your data (by FTP or tape). 
Analyzed   : the date you (expect to) finish the data analysis. 

Paper Status: 
   Please fill in the paper status by selecting the stage you are right now. If
you are going to merge different project(s) to publish a paper or publish 
another paper(s) with this dataset, please write down your comment in the 
field "Note".
     
For more information on updating or any question, please feel free to contact 
Chi-Hun Yan 
(chyan@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw) 

If you are not a member of the ASIAA, you can access the WEB page by following
the instructions below.

IAA home page -> OIR -> CFHT observations -> Semester (ie. 2008A) -> Project 
Status 

or use the link: 

https://oir.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/cfht/ 

Please create the account for yourself to access the database by filling the 
form "Create an account" with the appropriate information.  For example: 

English Name 
    Lastname :      Ip 
    Firstname:   Wing-Huen 
E-mail address: wingip@astro.ncu.edu.tw 

Then you can set the password and verify it.  Once you click "Submit", we will 
check your information and grant access provided your information is 
validated.  In your next visit, you can simply use your E-mail address and 
password you to log in. 

Processing : the date your data are processed. 
Stacking   : the date your data are stacked. 
Delivery   : the date you get your data (by FTP or tape). 
Analyzed   : the date you (expect to) finish the data analysis. 

Paper Status: 
    Please fill in the paper status by selecting the stage you are right now.  If 
you are going to merge different project(s) to publish a paper or publish 
another paper(s) with this dataset, please write down your comment in the 
field "Note".     
     
For more information on updating or any question, please feel free to contact 
Chi-Hun Yan 
(chyan@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw) 

sincerely, 
Jeremy Lim, PI CFHT-Taiwan program 
Wang Shiang-Yu, co-PI CFHT-Taiwan program 
Yan Chi-Hung 

-------------------------------------------------------------- 
Jeremy Lim 
Associate Research Fellow 
Institute of Astronomy & Astrophysics, Academia Sinica (ASIAA) 
Phone: 886-2-3365 2200 x727 
FAX: 886-2-2367 7849 

