
> From: Sheng-Yuan Liu <syliu@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
> Subject: Re: The Second Asian Radio Astronomy School (2nd Announcement)
> Date: Mon, 9 Jun 2008 17:08:32 +0800

Dear Colleagues,

	Please be reminded that the registration deadline (2008 June 15) for
the Second Asian Radio Astronomy School to be held at IAA in the  
coming August
is approaching. Those who are interested in pursuing astrophysical  
research
at the radio frequencies, particularly with interferometric  
facilities, are
strongly encouraged to join. More detailed information can be found in  
the
2nd announcement circulated previously.
	The school registration form was offline last week due to malicious
network attacks. If you encountered any problem with registration  
previously,
please kindly register again or contact us at
	radio_school@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw.

	Thank you for your attention!

best regards,
sheng-yuan


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  Second Asian Radio Astronomy School
                   Aug 18-22, 2008 at ASIAA, Taipei

       (https://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/act/radio_school/2008/)

                         Second Announcement


Dear colleagues,

	This is the second announcement for the Second Asian Radio Astronomy
School to be held on August 18-22, 2008 at Academia Sinica, Institute
of Astronomy and Astrophysics (ASIAA) in Taipei, Taiwan.

Program :
	A tentative school program is available online at the school website.
This school is intended for students and scientists with strong  
interests
in carrying out research with radio interferometric facilities. Starting
with an evening reception on Aug 17th (Sunday), the program includes  
lectures
on the fundamental concepts of radio astronomy and interferometry, as  
well
as a number of selected facilities such as Japanese and Asian VLBI,  
VSOP-2,
SMA, and ALMA. Significant emphasis will be given to the interferometric
data reduction and imaging processes and hands-on exercises with the SMA
and Japanese VLBI observational data. Information about the confirmed  
lecturers
and instructors will be updated on the website.

Registration :
	The online registration has been open since April 15th, 2008. Due
to the lecture hall and lodging capacity, the number of attendant is
limited to 100 people. Should there be too many applicants, priority  
will
be given to applicants from Taiwan, Japan, and the East Asian region.

Lodging and Support:
	ASIAA will provide shared accommodation on the Academia Sinica campus
for participants (except those from Taipei city/county) during the  
school
period from Aug 17th to Aug 22th. Maps are available on the school web  
site.

	Lunches and a banquet will also be arranged during the school period.
Overseas participants are, however, expected to meet their own travel  
and
other expenses.

	Related information can be found on the school web page at
https://www2.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/act/radio_school/2008/.
Inquiries regarding the school can be made to the following e-mail
address, radio_school@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw.

Important Dates :

March 26, 2008   : First Circular
April 15, 2008   : Online registration opens
April 20, 2008   : Second Circular; Tentative lecture program online
June 15, 2008    : Registration Deadline
June 30, 2008    : Selection and announcement of attendees (if  
necessary)
August 01, 2008  : Final circular; Lecture material online
August 18, 2008  : School begins

Organizing Committee (in alphabetic order) :

Vivien Chen (NTHU)
Yoshiaki Hagiwara (Space VLBI, NAOJ)
Tomoya Hirota (VERA, NAOJ)
Daisuke Iono (U of Tokyo/NAOJ)
Ryohei, Kawabe (NRO, NAOJ)
Patrick Koch (ASIAA)
Chin-Fei Lee (ASIAA)
Sheng-Yuan Liu (ASIAA)
Kohichiro Morita (NAOJ)
Shigehisa Takakuwa (ASIAA)

