
> Date: Wed, 13 Aug 2008 21:46:03 +0800 (CST)
> From: Tatsuhiko Hasegawa <hasegawa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
> Subject: Call for SMA proposals for 2008B

TAN distribution
ASIAA Call for SMA proposals for 2008B

Dear Colleagues,

The ASIAA SMA TAC solicits proposals for the ASIAA time of the
Submillimeter Array (SMA) for the period from November 16th, 2008,
to May 15th, 2009.  Those who are affiliated to a Taiwanese university
or a Taiwanese research institute are eligible to apply for the ASIAA
SMA time as a principal investigator (PI).

The deadline for proposal submission for the ASIAA SMA time for
the 2008B semester is September 12 (Friday), 2008, 4AM in the
morning (Taiwan time).  [The deadline corresponds to September 11
(Thursday), 2008, 10AM HST in Hawaii, USA.]

The SAO SMA information page will be updated soon for 2008B.

All Taiwanese SMA proposals must be submitted through the SMA
submission facility (https://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/propose.html).
New proposers in particular need to get registered (through the
submission web site) before submitting a proposal.

When submitting your proposal, please make sure to select
"ASIAA" as your destination TAC in the submission web page.
Please direct your inquiries to TATSUHIKO HASEGAWA
(hasegawa AT asiaa.sinica.edu.tw).

For technical information on the SMA, please visit
    http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/proposing.html (will be ready soon).
For Taiwan and ASIAA specific aspects (including the [new] ASIAA
proposal selection process and the amount of available
observing time), please visit
    http://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/~SMART/ .

The SMA is a complex instrument.  Consultation or collaboration
with those who are familiar with the SMA is highly recommended.
Contact points for consultations are also found in the ASIAA
web page listed above.

Additional messages from the ASIAA SMA TAC :

The PI of a successful proposal will be encouraged to provide an
observer at the summit of Mauna Kea.  For more detail, please
consult the ASIAA web page listed above.

In order to encourage PhD students to use the SMA, the ASIAA SMA TAC
will make some considerations to proposals for PhD thesis projects.
Please visit the ASIAA web site for details.

In order to make efficient use of SMA data, the ASIAA SMA TAC will expect
Co-Is to follow up the analysis and publication of already executed or
allocated projects under a PI who becomes unable to do the work for
various reasons.  Potential co-investigators should be aware of their
possible responsibilities or obligations.  PIs should make best efforts
to obtain a consent before putting someone's name on a proposal as a
Co-I.

Sincerely,

Tatsuhiko Hasegawa
ASIAA SMA TAC Chair


-- 
Tatsuhiko I. Hasegawa (Associate Fellow) www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Academia Sinica
hasegawa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw, Tel:+886-2-3365-2200 ex722

