> Date: Wed, 3 Sep 2008 16:14:06 +0800   
> From: "Jeremy Lim" <jlim@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>         
> Subject: pls announce in TAN (correction to dateline)

*** Proposals for CFHT open for semester 2009A *** 

 The 3.6 meter optical/infrared Canadian-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT) is 
now open for proposals from all Taiwan-based researchers for semester 2009A. 
The deadline for proposal submission is: 

      25 September 2008 - 8:00 am Taiwan time 

We anticipate that a minimum of 5 nights, and possibly up to 10 nights, will 
be available in semester 2008B, depending on demand and quality of proposals. 
Please note that the instruments available for 2008B are MegaCam, WIRCam, 
ESPaDOnS, GriF, and PUEO. Detailed information on the telescope, available 
instrumentation, proposal format, and how to submit proposals is available 
from the CFHT web page: 

   http://www.cfht.hawaii.edu/ObsInfo/ObservingProposals/ 

Exploratory Programs 
-------------------- 
To encourage innovative science, this semester we will continue considering 
"exploratory" programs using MegaCam, WIRCam, or ESPaDOnS that require no more 
than 1 hour of observing time.  Such proposals will not be refereed, but will 
be scrutinized by the TAC and allocated time based on scientific merit and 
feasibility. When submitting such proposals, please state at the beginning of 
the scientific justification that "This is an EXPLORATORY proposal". 

Queued Service Observations Snapshot Programs 
--------------------------------------------- 
In addition, we would like to bring to your attention the Queued Service 
Observation (QSO) snapshot program. These are programs that can be executed 
with either MegaCam or WIRCam in relatively poor seeing conditions when the 
seeing is >1.2". Projects executed under the QSO snapshot program are not 
charged to the available observing time for Taiwan. Proposals to the QSO 
snapshot program will not be refereed, but will be scrutinized by the TAC for 
scientific value and feasibility. More information on this program can be 
found at: 

   http://www.cfht.hawaii.edu/Instruments/Queue/qso_2007b_MP.html 

Resubmission due to Lost Time 
----------------------------- 
If your scheduled project from previous semesters was not completed for any 
reason (including bad weather), you will need to resubmit your proposal 
explaining why you need more time. Your proposal will be stronger if the 
available data has been analyzed, and you use this data to demonstrate that 
the stated science goals can be achieved with allocation of the full requested 
time. 
Time Allocation Process 

All new proposals, and where deemed necessary resubmitted proposals, are 
refereed by researchers selected by the Taiwan-CFHT TAC based on their 
demonstrated expertise in the relevant research fields. Apart from the 
referees comments, who are asked to evaluate primarily the scientific strength 
of the proposal, the Taiwan-CFHT TAC also takes into account technical 
feasibility. For those who have previously been scheduled observing time on 
the CFHT, the Taiwan-CFHT TAC will also take into account the status of 
previously executed projects and publications. 

Status of Previous Proposals 
---------------------------- 
Please fill in or update the status of all your previous projects on the web page 

https://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/Internal/WIRcamData/ListStatus.php 

(University users will be contacted on how to access this web page.) 
You can and should provide more details on the progress of previous 
(especially related) projects in the relevant section of your proposal. If no 
information is forthcoming, the TAC will assume that no progress has been made 
and will take this into consideration in allocation of observing time. 

Contact Persons 
--------------- 
If you have any questions or problems regarding the preparation of the 
proposals, please contact 
Paul Hsieh (bchsiehasiaa.sinica.edu.tw), 
Shiang-Yu Wang (sywangasiaa.sinica.edu.tw), or 
Jeremy Lim (sywangasiaa.sinica.edu.tw) 
 
