
From kuan@sgrb2.geos.ntnu.edu.tw Mon Mar 12 22:42 CST 2001
Received: from sgrb2.geos.ntnu.edu.tw (sgrb2 [140.122.144.4])
	by iaa17.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw (8.9.3/8.9.3) with ESMTP id WAA08941
	for <astro@iaa17.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>; Mon, 12 Mar 2001 22:42:04 +0800 (CST)
Received: (from kuan@localhost)
	by sgrb2.geos.ntnu.edu.tw (8.9.2/8.9.2) id WAA19514
	for astro@iaa17; Mon, 12 Mar 2001 22:58:31 +0800 (CST)
Date: Mon, 12 Mar 2001 22:58:31 +0800 (CST)
From: Yi-Jehng Kuan <kuan@sgrb2.geos.ntnu.edu.tw>
Message-Id: <200103121458.WAA19514@sgrb2.geos.ntnu.edu.tw>
To: astro@iaa17.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Subject: Rare meteorites rekindle controversy over birth of the solar system
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 11043

Dear TANists,

here is an interesting press release from Stanford which mentioned
Prof. Frank Shu's recent work on X-wind.  Enjoy.

Yi-Jehng

--------------------

A new meteorite study is rekindling a scientific debate over the creation 
of our solar system.  Swirling dust around a young sun at 
http://www.stanford.edu/dept/news/pr/01/meteorite37.html

--------------------

[Stanford News]

3/1/01

                          Mark Shwartz, News Service (650) 723-9296;
                          e-mail: mshwartz@stanford.edu

                          Rare meteorites rekindle controversy over
                          birth of the solar system

                          A new meteorite study is rekindling a
                          scientific debate over the creation of our
                          solar system.

                          The study, published in the March 2 issue of
                          the journal Science, is based on the
                          microscopic analysis of two rare meteorites
                          recently discovered in Antarctica and Africa.

                          Most meteorites found on Earth are believed to
                          be fragments of asteroids --­ ancient rocks
                          that formed during the creation of the solar
                          system about 4.56 billion years ago. Thousands
                          of asteroids still orbit the Sun in the
                          asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter, about
                          140 million miles from Earth.

                          "Asteroids and meteorites are solids that
                          never got incorporated into the planets. These
                          objects have survived, unchanged, for 4.56
                          billion years," says physicist Anders Meibom,
                          a postdoctoral fellow in the Stanford
                          Department of Geological and Environmental
                          Sciences who co-authored the Science study.

                          Chondrites and chondrules

                          Using electron microscopy and other laboratory
                          techniques, Meibom and his colleagues
                          conducted a detailed chemical analysis of two
                          chondrites -­ primitive meteorites made up of
                          thousands of tiny round particles called
                          chondrules.

                          "Chondrules are among the oldest objects in
                          the solar system, dating back to the birth of
                          the Sun," says Meibom, "so when we look at
                          chondrules, we're actually looking at the very
                          first steps toward the creation of our solar
                          system."

                          Meibom points out that most chondrules are
                          made of silicates and metals that can only be
                          produced at very high temperatures. Exactly
                          how chondrules formed in the early solar
                          system is a hotly debated topic among
                          scientists.

                          "The conventional view," notes Meibom, "is
                          that chondrules started out as dust balls in
                          the asteroid belt region some 4.56 billion
                          years ago. Today, the asteroid belt is
                          ultra-cold, but at that time, the temperature
                          was just below 700 degrees Fahrenheit. The
                          dust balls melted after they were zapped by
                          quick bursts of lightning or shock waves,
                          which briefly raised temperatures to about
                          3000 degrees F."

                          According to this theory, as the melted
                          particles cooled, they turned into
                          millimeter-size chondrules, which eventually
                          clumped together to form larger chondrites.

                          New theory

                          But in 1996, astronomer Frank Shu of the
                          University of California proposed a different
                          theory based in part on dramatic images from
                          the Hubble Space Telescope, which ­ for the
                          first time ­ allowed astronomers to witness
                          the actual birth of new stars elsewhere in the
                          Milky Way.

                          The Hubble revealed that most young stars are
                          created from enormous disks of whirling gas
                          and dust.

                          As the disk contracts, it rotates faster and
                          faster, funneling tons of interstellar dust
                          toward the center, where temperatures reach
                          3000 degrees F or more -­ hot enough to melt
                          metal and vaporize most solids.

                          The rotating disk also produces enormous jets
                          of gas capable of launching debris far into
                          space at speeds of hundreds of miles per
                          second.

                          Using the Hubble images as a guide, Shu
                          proposed that chondrules in our solar system
                          were created near the hot central disk of the
                          newly emerging Sun ­ not in the relatively
                          cool asteroid belt hundreds of millions of
                          miles away.

                          According to Shu, dust particles were melted
                          by the Sun, then launched into space by
                          powerful jets of gas and solar wind. While in
                          flight, the molten particles solidified into
                          spherical chondrules, some of which landed in
                          the asteroid belt a few days later. Others
                          ended up as the raw materials that formed the
                          Earth, Mars and the rest of the planets in our
                          solar system.

                          According to Meibom, the March 2 chondrite
                          study in Science magazine gives Shu's version
                          of chondrule creation a tremendous boost.

                          "Our findings demonstrate that Frank Shu's
                          ideas are not just some fantasy," he notes.
                          "We now have actual rocks that provide hard
                          numbers, which fit very nicely into the
                          general framework of Shu's theory."

                          Rare meteorites

                          Meibom and his colleagues based their study on
                          two rare meteorite specimens -­ HH 237, a
                          grapefruit-size chondrite recovered from the
                          Hammadah al Hamra region of north Africa; and
                          QUE 94411, a walnut-size sample collected from
                          the Queen Alexander mountain range in
                          Antarctica.

                          "Most chondrites are only seven to 10 percent
                          metal by volume, but these two specimens are
                          about 70 percent iron and nickel," says
                          Meibom.

                          Microscopic analysis revealed that these
                          iron-nickel compounds formed by condensation
                          from hot gas when the temperature was around
                          2500 degrees F.

                          "Because HH 237 and QUE 94411 contain pristine
                          samples of condensed iron and nickel, we were
                          able to determine that these metal grains
                          formed on a time scale of a few days.
                          Furthermore, the newly created metal grains
                          must have been transported out of their hot
                          formation region very quickly.

                          "Shu's model provides those kinds of
                          temperatures and time scales, and the jets
                          certainly provide a way to kick the grains out
                          to much colder regions of the solar nebula,"
                          adds Meibom.

                          "The scenario we are suggesting is that of big
                          blobs of hot gas rising up through the disk ­
                          almost like bubbles in boiling spaghetti
                          sauce. As the gas bubbles rose and cooled,
                          silicate and metal grains began to condense
                          out of the gas. When these grains got close
                          enough to the surface of the disk, they became
                          trapped in the powerful jet streams. Days
                          later, the particles arrived in the asteroid
                          belt, where the relatively cold temperatures
                          preserved them from destruction."

                          These chondrites allow us to look at the very
                          frontier of the solar system, concludes
                          Meibom.

                          "For the first time, we're really building a
                          bridge between what we observe in the
                          meteorites and what astrophysicists like Shu
                          are telling us."

                          Frank Shu agrees.

                          "In these two very special meteorites we
                          finally have direct evidence that certain
                          portions of rock had to move from some place
                          very hot to some place very cold in a very
                          short period of time," comments Shu. "This is
                          a very important study."

                          Meibom's other collaborators in the Science
                          study are Alexander N. Krot and Klaus Keil of
                          the University of Hawaii; Sara S. Russsell and
                          Timothy E. Jeffries of the Natural History
                          Museum in London; and Conel M. O'D. Alexander
                          of the Carnegie Institution of Washington's
                          Department of Terrestrial Magnetism.

                                               -30-

                                         By Mark Shwartz
