From hexg@penguin.phys.ntu.edu.tw Sat May 19 10:57 CST 2001
Received: from asiaa.sinica.edu.tw (asiaa.sinica.edu.tw [140.109.177.5])
	by iaa17.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw (8.9.3/8.9.3) with ESMTP id KAA26194
	for <astro@iaa17.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>; Sat, 19 May 2001 10:55:49 +0800 (CST)
Received: from penguin.phys.ntu.edu.tw (penguin.phys.ntu.edu.tw [140.112.101.129])
	by asiaa.sinica.edu.tw (8.9.3+Sun/8.9.3) with ESMTP id KAA14013
	for <astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>; Sat, 19 May 2001 10:52:31 +0800 (CST)
Received: (from hexg@localhost)
	by penguin.phys.ntu.edu.tw (8.9.3/8.9.3/Debian/GNU) id LAA02512;
	Sat, 19 May 2001 11:15:20 +0800
From: Xiao-Gang He <hexg@penguin.phys.ntu.edu.tw>
Message-Id: <200105190315.LAA02512@penguin.phys.ntu.edu.tw>
Subject: Hubble Observations may Doom String Theory
To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw, twhepnet@hepmail.phys.sinica.edu.tw
Date: Sat, 19 May 2001 11:15:20 +0800 (CST)
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4ME+ PL48 (25)]
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-Length: 5912
Status: RO


Article from United Press International

http://www.vny.com/cf/news/upidetail.cfm?qid=186011



Hubble observations may doom string theory


 PALO ALTO, Calif., May 15 (UPI) -- Two separate teams of top physicists,
including noted Stanford theorist Leonard Susskind, have proposed that
recent observations by the Hubble Space Telescope -- which indicate the
expansion of the universe is accelerating -- may spell doom for string
theory, which many consider to be the best candidate for a unified theory of
the four major physical forces.

 In separate papers filed within minutes of one another, Stanford's
Susskind, and string theorists Willy Fischler and Sonia Paban from the
University of Texas at Austin, presented the same conclusion: an
accelerating universe poses serious, perhaps fatal difficulties, for string
theory. The papers were filed with Los Alamos National Laboratory in Los
Alamos, N. M., one of the many repositories for papers on this subject.

 Scientists have been looking for a model of the universe that would
explain in one neat package gravity, electromagnetism and both the weak and
strong nuclear forces that bind particles of matter together. String theory
is a 30-year-old concept that reduces these forces to tiny highly-curved,
one-dimensional vibrating "strings".

 The challenge to the theory comes from recent Hubble data. In February
1998, the High-Redshift Supernova Search Team, a worldwide consortium of
astrophysicists and astronomers, published an astonishing finding: studies
of light from distant supernovae proved that the well-documented expansion
of the universe is accelerating -- that is the expansion of the universe is
happening at a faster and faster rate. Since then, teams working on the
Hubble Space Telescope and from the University of California, Berkeley and
the University of Chicago, repeatedly confirmed the finding.

 This leaves physicists with a cosmic dilemma: an accelerating universe is
inconsistent with string theory.

  As Susskind, Fischler, and Paban explained, a universe that accelerates
will be surrounded by an "event horizon," the same kind of boundary that
surrounds a black hole. Anything that lies beyond the event horizon cannot
be observed. But string theory depends on the ability of an observer to see
and measure particles, arranged in a so-called "S-matrix," at infinite
distances -- which, by definition, lie beyond the event horizon.

 "This was a crisis waiting to happen," University of Toronto physicist
John Moffat told United Press International from Toronto, Ontario. "Once you
have a system of particles, which you must have in string theory, you lose
them at the event horizon. The indication that observational data tell us
the universe is accelerating produces a crisis for string theory and any
quantum field theory that depends on the presence of particles at infinity."


 California Institute of Technology physicist John Schwarz, one of the
first to propose string theory, agreed.

 "The point that Susskind and the others make is that it is very difficult
to define physical observables in space-time geometries of the type implied
by cosmological acceleration. These authors emphasize that this is a problem
for string theory, which is true."

 Speaking to UPI from CIT in Pasadena, Swartz added a caveat.

 "What they fail to emphasize is that their argument would be an equally
severe problem for any competing theory, if there were one."

 String theory's advocates include such renowned physicists as Brian
Greene, author of a best-selling book about string theory, "The Elegant
Universe," and Ed Witten, of Princeton University's Institute for Advanced
Study at Princeton, N.J., considered by his peers one of the greatest
scientists since Einstein.

 "Our understanding of the accelerating universe and string theory is too
rudimentary at this point to say the two are in definite conflict," Greene
told UPI from Columbia University in New York City. "What we in the string
theory community continually strive to do, however, is to expose and enlarge
upon all the flaws so they can be worked out with new ideas and new
approaches."

 Greene agrees, however, that Susskind and the other researchers have
unearthed a flaw in the theory. But he also expressed concern the public
would think string theory a "dead idea" if word of the conflict were
published.

 "I want to emphasize," Greene said, "that string theory is very much alive
and that all theories, no matter what they attempt to explain, run into
occasional conflicts that are usually resolved through new approaches and
re-jiggering."

 Neither Susskind nor any members of the University of Texas team would
comment on the controversy.

 Physics professor Xiao-Gang He, of the National Taiwan University in
Taipei, told UPI string theories cannot possibly describe a universe with an
event horizon, i.e. an accelerating universe.

 "If the universe is accelerating as it recedes from us," He explained, "at
some stage the recessional velocity will exceed the speed of light. This
implies that at some later time any two observers at two different points in
space will cease to communicate with each other and information processing
will eventually die out, since no information can travel faster than the
speed of light."

 The death of information processing is the death of the S-matrix, He said,
because the S-matrix contains all information about interactions between
particles and connects particles at large -- even infinite -- separations of
space-time.

 Several follow-up papers, including two by Moffat and He, have since
appeared in response to the controversial findings. Moffat suggests a
radical cure for the dilemma -- allowing the speed of light, a universal
constant, to accelerate near the event horizon.

 (Reported by UPI Science Correspondent Mike Martin in Washington.)

--
Copyright 2001 by United Press International.

