From typhoon@biaa Fri Apr 10 12:06 CST 1998
Return-Path: <typhoon@biaa>
Received: from biaa.sinica.edu.tw by biaa17.biaa.sinica.edu.tw (5.x/SMI-SVR4)
	id AA00740; Fri, 10 Apr 1998 12:05:39 +0800
Received: by biaa.sinica.edu.tw (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
	id MAA03687; Fri, 10 Apr 1998 12:02:18 +0800
Date: Fri, 10 Apr 1998 12:02:18 +0800
From: typhoon@biaa (Typhoon Lee)
Message-Id: <199804100402.MAA03687@biaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Subject: stir up mud (again)
To: astro@biaa17.biaa.sinica.edu.tw
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Md5: baA+diuQE94yxZdyvcg4Lg==
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Length: 3644
Status: RO

------------- Begin Forwarded Message -------------

From typhoon Fri Apr 10 11:50:05 1998
Date: Fri, 10 Apr 1998 11:49:32 +0800
From: typhoon (Typhoon Lee)
To: VIVIAN@mail.chinatimes.com.tw
Subject: stir up mud (again)
Cc: jlim, typhoon, kyl, yuan, ytlee@gate.sinica.edu.tw, sfyang@gate.sinica.edu
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-MD5: SxQFuWRt1jkyUDiywAtBYA==

Dear Vivian,

     I am surprised to read your report on China Times today suggesting that it 
is somehow difficult to understand why Dr. Lim was not awarded the young 
researchers' award of Academia Sinica in spite of his good work on stellar radio 
astronomy.  You then questioned the review and selection procedures as a whole.  
When you asked me this question yesterday I tried to convey my view on the award 
review process. In young researchers award, astronomers have to compete against 
physicists, chemists, mathematicians, computer scientists, geologists, etc.  It 
is impossible to find any one who can judge with enough expertise research 
results from all these different fields.  So, one does what he can with the best 
intention and pay as much  attention to fairness as possible.  In English, the 
analogy is "comaparing apples to oranges".  This is true no matter the outside 
referees are from overseas or Taiwan.
     
     I understand that it is difficult for non-scientists to put a research 
result in its proper place within the overall framework of science.  However, I 
must say that an article in Nature is not the proof for excellence.  In fact, 
after personally published several papers in Nature and Science, I know that 
many papers in either of them were wrong or of poor quality while others were 
rejected for no good reason.   One of my ex-student, "China" Chen of the Inst. 
of Earth Science, has won the young researcher award based on his work published 
in Nature.  This certainly does not make him a great scientist instantly.  It is 
pleasant to be recognized by one's peers but that is not the reason why we do 
science.  We Chinese pay far too much attention to award, yet far too little on 
the excitement and beauty of scientitic discovery.   This point has been well 
articulated in the best science reporting book that I have ever read: "Fermat's 
Last Theorem" by Singh describing the remarkable seven year process of arriving 
at a sound proof by Princeton's Andrew Watts. Its Chinese translation just came 
out.  The book was based on an excellent documentary TV program co-produced by 
PBS Boston and BBC.
     
     Perhaps I was not elloquent enough to give you the correct impression.  
Nevertheless, I must say that this article brings back my nightmare on your 
earlier reporting of the relationship between Taiwan University and Academia 
Sinica triggered by Shaw Liu's discussion of global change research with Lee, 
Tsun-Dao, then VP of Academia Sinica.  Maybe controversy sells paper.  But then 
you can not complain about some people's reaction to newspaper reporting : "no 
news is good news!" I am not blaming you for trying to find a human angle to 
accompany the news of Lim's interferometric imaging of Alpha Orionis.  However, 
what you wrote missed the mark and draw public attention to the irrelevant 
direction of award review.  Such misfiring makes me reluctant to give you 
advance notice of breaking news of significant discovery in the future.  If you 
really wants to put flesh and blood in the cold science reporting, then why not 
take Singh's book as an examplery model?
     
     Sincerely,
     
     Typhoon 
     
     
------------- End Forwarded Message -------------


