
> From: "Jeremy Lim" <jlim@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> Subject: Fw: First announcement for 7th East-Asian Meeting of Astronomers
> Date: Fri, 25 May 2007 13:09:51 +0800

Dear Yi-Jehng,
  Pls post in TAN.  Thanks!

regards,
jeremy

---------- Forwarded Message -----------

Dear Colleagues,
  Enclosed below is the first announcement for the 7th East-Asian Meeting of
Astronomers (EAMA7), to be held on 8-12 October 2007 in Fukuoka, Kyushu,
Japan.  I invite all to visit the EAMA7 home page at http://eama7.naoj.org,
and to pre-register for the meeting.
  As you will see, this meeting focuses on collaborative projects and
education in the East-Asian region, with invited talks dominating the oral
program.  There is very limited time for oral contributions, and so I
anticipate the competition for oral presentations to be very high.  Apart from
submitting abstracts on your own research projects, I therefore encourage
research/project groups to consider submitting abstracts for your overall
activities that may have a correspondingly higher impact.

sincerly,
Jeremy Lim, co-Chair of Scientific Organizing Committee (SOC) for EAMA7

First Announcement of
7-th EAMA (East Asian Astronomy Meeting) Symposium
~SEast Asian Network of Astronomy:
Research, Education, and Popularization~T
8-12 October, 2007, Fukuoka, Kyushu, Japan

Dear Colleagues,

     We are pleased to send you all the first circular of the 7-th EAMA
Symposium ~SEast Asian Network of Astronomy: Research, Education, and
Popularization~T which will be held in Fukuoka, Kyushu, Japan in coming October.
     The EAMA, East Asian Astronomy Meeting, has 17 years history of promotion
and organization of astronomer~Rs level cooperation of astronomy in the East
Asian region. During the very successful 6-th EAMA Symposium held in Seoul,
2004, numbers of EAMA working groups on VLBI, ALMA, 2-m Telescopes, Asian
Journal, and of course, EAYAM (East Asian Young Astronomers Meeting).
Importantly the establishment of the EACOA (East Asian Core Observatories
Association) to support the EAMA and other astronomer~Rs level cooperation was
signed by directors of national-level astronomical institutes in four regions:
NAOC (China), NAOJ (Japan), KASI (Korea), and ASIAA (Taiwan) in 2005. Behind
such remarkable progress of cooperation in East Asia we clearly see the
rapidly growing astronomy in this region.

     Furthermore, IAU and UN declared that the year of 2009 as ~SInternational
Year of Astronomy (IYA)~T celebrating 400 years since Galileo Galilei~Rs first
observation of the Universe through the telescope. His telescope was small,
but his discoveries were huge. A variety of activities of astronomy in
research, education and outreach would be organized all through the world,
globally and locally. The 7-th EAMA Symposium is exactly a suitable occasion
to discuss what we can cooperate through the IYA and to organize the East
Asian network of astronomy not only in research but also in educational and
popularization.

     In this connection, we hold the 7-th EAMA Symposium under the title ~SEast
Asian Network of Astronomy: Research, Education, and Popularization~T. Please
join us to make friends and contact, lean the activities of each other,
discuss the cooperation, and make the future of East Asian Astronomy.

     Please visit our HP, http://eama7.naoj.org for information and
registration. We all Japanese community of astronomy very warmly welcome you
all to the 7-th EAMA symposium and related activities.

Norio Kaifu, professor

Chair, the 7-th EAMA Symposium Science Organizing Committee

Symposium Program

We present here the tentative program. Other than the invited papers we call
contributed papers both in oral and posters for various sessions shown in the
program. For details refer to the paragraph ~SSubmission of Papers~T followed tothe program. The program time table is a matter of change. We plan to send out
the detailed program in July based on the response from you all. Please
contact with SOC members or contact addresses shown in the last paragraph for
more information, and visit our HP, http://eama7.naoj.org for new information!

&#12539;October 8 (Mon) at Fukuoka International Congress Center
   Evening   Reception & Welcome Cocktail

&#12539;October 9 (Tue) Sessions at Fukuoka International Congress Center
   Opening
  9:00 Welcome Addresses Norio Kaifu (SOC Chair),
                   Makoto Tosa (SOC, President of ASJ), Hitoshi Yamaoka (LOC
Chair)
  Session I. Situation and Recent Progress of Regional Astronomical Research
        9:20 Report form Japan (Miyama,Shoken, NAOJ + Inoue, Hajime, ISAS)
        9:45 Report from China (Zhao-Gang, NAOC)
      10:10 Report from Korea (Park, Seok-Jae, KASI)
      10:35 Report from Taiwan (Ho, Paul, ASIAA + Ip, Wing, Central Taiwan U.)
      11:00 Tea Break (20 min.)
      11:20 Reports from other Regions/Countries (10-15 min. each)
      Indonesia (Malasan, Hakim L., Astronomy, FMIPA)
      Thailand (Boonrucksar, Soonthornthum, NARIT)
      Malaysia (Asillam, Mhd Fairos Bin, NSAM)
      Vietnam (Lan,Nguien Quinh, Dep. phys. Hanoi National Univ. Ed.)
      Philippines (Celebre, Cyncia P., AR DS, PAGASA)
      12:30 Lunch
      Session II. Highlights of Astronomical Research and Development
      Invited Papers:
      14:00 LAMOST (Zhao, Young Hen)
      14:20 Current stage of KVN and its Future Works (Kim, Hyo-Ryoung, KVN/KASI)
      14:40 SMA (Nagayoshi Ohashi, ASIAA)
      15:00 Subaru (Hayashi, Masahiko, Subaru/NAOJ)
      15:20 AKARI (Nakagawa, Takao, JAXA)
      15:40 Tea Break & Poster Discussion (40 min.)
      16:20 Contributed Papers: SOC/LOC recommended and other applied papers
     oral papers (10 min. each)
      poster papers (2 min. introduction each)
      18:20 Close of the Session

&#12539;October 10 (Wed) Sessions at Fukuoka International Congress Center
    Session III. Research Networks and Future Prospects
       9:00 Two-Meter Class Telescope WG (Yoshida, Michitoshi , OAO/NAOJ)
       9:20 East Asian VLBI Consortium (Inoue, Makoto+Cho, Se-Hyung + TBD, China)
       9:50 ALMA and East Asian Research Center (Kawabe, Ryohei + TBD, Taiwan
+ Ji, Yang, PMO)
      10:20 Tea Break (20 min.)
      10:40 Space IR (Nakagawa, Takao + Lee, Hyung-Mok + TBD,Taiwan)
      11:10 X-ray (TBD, Japan +Lu, Fangjun(HMXT) + Lee, Hyung-Mok + Chang,
Hsiang-Kuang)
      11:40 Solar Physics (TBD, China + Shibata, Kazunari)
      12:10 Theoretical Astrophysics (Chi, Yuan or Ron Taam)
      12:30 Lunch
      14:00 Lunar Exploration (Kawano, Nobuyuki, NAOJ + TBD, China)
      14:20 Contributed Papers (call for papers)
      15:00 ELT (Cui, Xiangqum + TBD, Japan)
      15:20 Contributed Papers (call for papers&#65289;
      16:00 Tea Break (20 min)
      16:20 SKA (Nan, Len-Dong + Inoue, Makoto, NAOJ)
      16:40 Contributed Papers (call for papers)
      17:00 Contributed Papers (any subjects):
      SOC/LOC recommended and other applied papers
      oral papers (10 min. each)
      poster papers (2 min. introduction each)
      18:20 Close of the Session
      19:30 Symposium Dinner (Fukuoka downtown area, place will be announced)

&#12539;October 11 (Thu) Sessions at Fukuoka International Congress Center
    Session IV. Research Networks in East Asia
       9:00 Asian Astronomical Journal WG (Lee, Hyung Mok)
       9:20 Report of EAYAM~WEast Asian Young Astronomers Meeting (Kinoshita,
Daisuke)
       9:40 Interferometer Winter School (Kawabe, Ryohei, NRO/NAOJ)
      10:00 Report of International School for Young Astronomers 2007
(Asillam, MHD Failos, Malaysia)
      10:20 Subaru East Asia Young Astronomers Seminar (Noumaru Junichi,
Subaru/NAOJ)
      10:40 Tea Break (20 min.)
      11:00 Contributed Papers
      SOC/LOC recommended and other applied papers
      oral papers (10 min. each)
      poster papers (2 min. introduction each)
      12:00 General Discussion: Network of EA Astronomy and Future Prospects
      12:30 Lunch
     Session V. Network of Astronomical Education and Popularization
      14:00 2009 International Year of Astronomy (Kaifu, Norio)
      14:20 Review of Education and Popularization of Astronomy in Taiwan
      (Sun, Wei-Hsin + Chang, Kui-Lan)
      14:50 Review of Education and Popularization of Astronomy in Korea
      (Kwon, Suk-Minn + Lee, Kang-Hwan)
      15:20 Review of Education and popularization of Astronomy in Japan ( TBD )      15:50 Tea Break & Poster Discussion (40 min.)
      16:30 Review of Education and Popularization of Astronomy in China
(Xiangdong Li + Fangjun Lu)
      17:00 Review of Education and Popularization of Astronomy in Other EA
Regions
      ( TBD )
      17:30 Contributed Papers (SOC/LOC recommended and other applied papers)
      oral papers (10 min. each)
      poster papers (2 min. introduction each)
      18:30 Close of the Session

&#12539;October 12 (Fri)
      Tour to the Fukuoka Science Museum and Education and Popularization Sessions
      9:00 Visit to the Fukuoka Science Museum
      9:30 Tour of the Museum
     11:30 General Discussion on Popularization in Astronomy
     12:30 Lunch
     Session VI. Future of Education and Popularization of Astronomy in EA
     14:00 Contributed Papers
     SOC/LOC recommended and other applied papers
     oral papers (10 min. each)
     poster papers (2 min. introduction each)
     15:30 Tea Break (30 min.)
     15:50 Contributed Papers
     SOC/LOC recommended and other applied papers
     oral papers (10 min. each)
     poster papers (2 min. introduction each)
     16:30 Discussion: Education and Popularization in EA---Cooperation, IYA,
and Network
     18:20 Closing Remarks (Kozai, Yoshihide)
     18:30 Adjourn

Submission of Papers

Contributed papers (oral and posters) should be submitted with abstract no
later than July 25 through the EAMA symposium HP http://eama7.naoj.org or to
the following e-mail address:
(Dr. Kazuhiro Sekiguchi, International Research Collaborations, NAOJ)
      The abstract should be 50 to 150 words, and a title of the paper,
name(s) of author(s), belonging(s), and request of oral or poster should be
attached. The allotted time for the oral contributed papers is expected to be
10 minutes, but shorter or bit longer time would be possible due to the time
schedule of the program. A 2-minutes oral introduction of poster papers might
be allotted in the corresponding sessions.

Fukuoka City and Place of the Symposium

Place of the Symposium:
Fukuoka International Congress Center and Fukuoka Science Museum
Fukuoka city is located at the western part of Japan.  You can reach Fukuoka
by ship (from Puzan, Korea) or airplane (directly from many cities in the east
Asia. A transit at Taipei or Seoul is also convenient).

General information:  http://www.fukuoka-tourism.net/e/outline.html
Flight:     http://www.fuk-ab.co.jp/english/frame_index.html
Ship        http://www.port-of-hakata.or.jp/english/activities/index_access.htm

Fukuoka International Congress Center is situated near the urban area of
Fukuoka city.
http://www.marinemesse.or.jp/english/kaigi/index.html

Fukuoka Science Museum is located in Kurume city.  We plan to bring you there
by Bus with no charge.  Details will be announced later.
http://www.science.pref.fukuoka.jp/

Accommodation
The information of accommodation and its reservation form will be prepared at
the 7th EAMA HP soon.  Many hotels are available near Hakata station or the
urban area (Tenjin).  You should use a bus from the hotel to reach the
Congress center and it takes about 10 minutes.

Climate
October is the best season in Fukuoka.  In October, average temperature at
Fukuoka is about 20C. On sunny daytime, some people wear T-shirts or short
sleeves.  But at night, you should wear a long-sleeve one and a jacket. Total
precipitation in October is around 30mm, which is lowest through the year.
However, a typhoon may come close to Fukuoka in Autumn.

Funds and Supports for Attendants

The Symposium is supported by the EACOA (leading observatories in the four
regions). In addition to EACOA fund and the registration fee (TBD), we are
seeking for some other funds in Japan, like the Foundation of Promotion of
Astronomy (FPA), and the Astronomical Society of Japan (ASJ).

The basic idea is that those core observatories in China (NAOC), Japan (NAOJ),
Korea (KASI) and Taiwan (ASIAA) support travel and accommodations of
attendants from each region. The similar idea is applied to the attendants
from other countries, however, for those attendants from regions/countries
without adequate governmental nor institutional supports we try to provide
limited amount of funding to support travel and/or accommodation expense. When
you feel that you need support to attend the symposium please send your
funding support request to:
Dr. Kazuhiro Sekiguchi, International Research Collaborations, NAOJ

together with your submission of the contributed paper. (Deadline is also 25 July)

Scientific Organizing Committee:

Xiangdong Li (Co-Chair, CAS / Nanjing University, China), Xiangqun Cui (NIAOT,
China), Ji Yang (MPO, China), Yipeng Jing (SHAO, China),

Se-Hyung Cho (Co-Chair, KASI, Korea), Bon-Chul Koo (Seoul National University,
Korea), Hyung Mok Lee (Seoul National University, Korea), Hong Bae Ann (Pusan
National University, Korea),

Jeremy Lim (Co-Chair, ASIAA, Taiwan), Wen-Ping Chen (National Central
University, Taiwan), Shih-Ping Lai (National Tsing Hua University, Taiwan),
Yi-Jehng Kuan (National Taiwan Normal University, Taiwan),

Norio Kaifu (Chair, SCJ / University of the Air, Japan), Makoto Tosa (Tohoku
University/ Astronomcal Society of Japan, Japan), Toshio Fukushima (NAOJ,
Japan), Masafumi Matsumura (Kagawa University, Japan)

Advisors:

Yoshihide Kozai ( Gunma Observatory), Cai-pin Liu and Shuji Sato (Nagoya
University)

Local Organizing Committee

Hidehiko Agata (NAOJ), Kazuya Ayani (Bisei Astronomical Observatory), Mamoru
Doi (University of Tokyo), Kenta Fujisawa (Yamaguchi University), Tetsuharu
Fuse (NAOJ), Tetsuo Hasegawa (NAOJ), Osamu Hashimoto (Gunma Observatory),
Makoto Inoue (NAOJ), Shoichi Itoh (Suginami Science Center), Osamu Kanamitsu
(Fukuoka University of Education), Ryuji Koga (Fukuoka Science Museum),
Eiichiro Kokubo (NAOJ), Takehiko Kuroda (University of Hyogo), Atsushi Matsuo
(Yamaguchi Museum), Shin Mineshige (Kyoto University), Junichi Noumaru (NAOJ),
Kazuhiro Sekiguchi (NAOJ), Kazunari Shibata (Kyoto University), Hitoshi
Yamaoka (LOC Chair, Kyushu University), Makoto Yoshikawa (JAXA-ISAS), Fumi
Yoshida (NAOJ), Michitoshi Yoshida (NAOJ), Junnichi Watanabe (NAOJ)

Important Dates

1st Announcement May 21 (Mon)
Pre-Registration Deadline June 30 (Wed)
2nd Announcement July 06 (Fri)
Registration Deadline July 25 (Wed)
      Abstract Submission Deadline July 25 (Wed)
      Financial Support Request Deadline July 25 (Wed)
      Notification of Financial Support Decision August 06 (Mon) Final
Announcement (detailed
      program) August 31 (Fri.)
      Symposium Reception October 08 (Mon)
      Symposium Session October 09 (Tue) to 12 (Fri)

Contact Addresses

Website: http://eama7.naoj.org Pre-registration, registration, submission of
abstract, travel support requests can be made through the Web pages.
Information on hotels/accommodations will be available soon.
General matter, question, request, visa, etc:  Sekiguchi, Kazuhiro
(International Relation Center, NAOJ)
Please add the keyword "EAMA" to the subject when you e-mail this address.
SOC and scientific matter: Kaifu, Norio (SOC Chair, University of the Air)
LOC and local matter: Yamaoka, Hitoshi (LOC Chair, Kyushu University)

------- End of Forwarded Message -------

--------------------------------------------------------------
Jeremy Lim
Associate Research Fellow
Institute of Astronomy & Astrophysics, Academia Sinica (ASIAA)
Phone: 886-2-3365 2200 x727
FAX: 886-2-2367 7849

