
Faculty Positions in Observational Radio Astronomy
National Taiwan Normal University
Department of Earth Sciences
88, Section 4, Ting-Chou Road
Taipei 11677
Taiwan
Tel: +886-2-2934-3176
FAX: +886-2-2933-3315
Email Inquiries: kuan@ntnu.edu.tw
URL: http://www.geos.ntnu.edu.tw/

Attention: Yi-Jehng Kuan, Professor and Chair

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Department of Earth Sciences of National Taiwan Normal University
invites applications for two faculty positions in radio astronomy
starting in spring or fall 2008.  Candidates in all areas of astronomy
and astrophysics will be considered, with the emphasis on observational
astronomy.  The positions are expected to be at the Assistant Professor
level, but a higher level appointment may be considered for exceptionally
qualified candidates.

We seek astronomers who have ample experience in centimeter, millimeter
and/or submillimeter interferometric array and can initiate programs in
current and future facilities such as SMA and ALMA.  The Astronomy group
of the department has a close research tie with Academia Sinica Institute
of Astronomy and Astrophysics (ASIAA).  NTNU astronomy faculty currently
has access to the SMA, SMT, KP12M and CFHT, through the ASIAA TAC.  The
appointees should have a demonstrated record in research and a commitment
to excellence in undergraduate and graduate teaching.  Preference will be
given to individuals whose interests, abilities, and experience benefit
our existing programs.  Candidates should have a Ph.D. in Astronomy,
Astrophysics, Planetary Sciences, Physics or a closely related field, and
preferably have post-doctoral experience.

Applicants should submit a cover letter, a current CV, a publication
list, a description of how your future research and teaching will
contribute to the overall goals of the School, a (photo)copy of doctorate
diploma, and arrange three letters of reference sent to Dr. Yi-Jehng Kuan
directly at the above address.  Complete applications should be
received by December 15, 2007 for full consideration.

