
> Date: Thu, 21 Jun 2007 10:23:47 +0800 (CST)
> From: Pin-Gao Gu <gu@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> Subject: Pls post TIARA workshop info on TAN

Dear Yi-Jehng,

Please circulate the following workshop info through TAN.

Thanks a lot,
Pingao

---------------------------------------------------------------------
"EARLY SOLAR SYSTEM MIXING" WORKSHOP

Date: 7/30( Monday) - 8/3 (Friday) 2007
Place: TIARA, 8F, 2nd General Bldg. (第二綜合大樓), Hsin-Chu, Taipei
http://www.tiara.sinica.edu.tw/

INTRODUCTION:
The Theoretical Institute for Advanced Research in Astrophysics (TIARA) of 
Academia Sinica and National Tsing Hua University (NTHU) will hold a five-
day workshop to discuss the large scale mixing in the early Solar System
that is evident from the initial result of the Stardust space mission to comet 
Wild-2. TIARA invites interested and qualified students and researchers in 
Taiwan to join us in this exciting opportunity to learn and discuss this hot 
topic with experts from all top research organizations of the world.

TOPICS:
1) Planetesimal formation inside and outside the snowline
2) Heterogeneities at all scales
 	 Old dust from stars and ISM
 	 Last moment injection by nearby SN or AGB
 	 Solar system irradiation and thermal processing
 	 Star dust results for dust sample from comet
 	 Large heterogeneity resides in small (and old?) sites
 	 Planetary scale of heterogeneities
3) Oxygen heterogeneities, the mystery at age 35
 	 Mechanism of mass-independent isotope fractionation
 	 New hypothesis of O-isotope
 	 O heterogeneity in the smallest scale
4) The X-wind model
 	 Prediction, implication, and observational test

OVERSEA SPEAKERS:
 	 Fred Cisla (DTM-CIW)
 	 Bobert Clayton (U. Chicago)
 	 Andy Davis (U. Chicago)
 	 J. N. Goswami (Physical Research Lab, India)
 	 Kevin Mckeegan & Ming-Chang Liu (UCLA)
 	 Frank Shu (UCSD)
 	 Dave Stevensen & Kaveh Pahlevan (Caltech)
 	 Bill Ward (Southwest Research Inst.)
 	 Andrew Youdin (Princeton)
          Hisayoshi Yurimoto (Hokaido Univ.)

ORGANIZING COMMITTEE:
Cindy Chiu, Pin-Gao Gu, Typhoon Lee, Hsien Shang, Frank Shu, Ronald Taam, 
Rebecca Zheng

FORMAT:
Each morning of the 5-day workshop will have two one hour lectures to give an 
overview of the topics. The afternoons will be devoted to  informal discussions 
as well as short (10 min) presentations.  Self-organized groups may retreat 
into offices for more technical and detailed discussion.

REGISTRATION GUIDELINE:
Interested researchers please send an email to planetesimal@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
and indicate your qualification and the extent of participation (auditing 
lectures, joining discussion, giving short presentation). The deadline for the 
email registration is July 15th, 2007. Because of the shortage of office space, 
the total number of full participants will be limited. Potential participants 
are encouraged to send your request ASAP. On the other hand we can rent larger 
lecture halls if there are a lot of people only interested in the lectures. 
Therefore, the registration is important for us to run a good workshop.

MEALS & LODGING:
Free lunch boxes will be provided to all registered participants. As to 
accommodation, we suggest that you directly contact nearby lodging such as the 
Berkeley Hotel at http://bbhotel-2.network.com.tw.

