From yichou@astro.ncu.edu.tw Sun Jan  5 14:20:59 2003
Date: Tue, 17 Dec 2002 16:16:38 +0800
From: Yi Chou <yichou@astro.ncu.edu.tw>
To: asall@astro.ncu.edu.tw
Cc: Taiwan Astronomy Network <astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Subject: NCU Astronomy Colloquium


    [ Part 1, Text/PLAIN (charset: Unknown "big5")  56 lines. ]
    [ Unable to print this part. ]

    [ The following text is in the "big5" character set. ]
    [ Your display is set for the "US-ASCII" character set.  ]
    [ Some characters may be displayed incorrectly. ]

Dear all,
 
I forgot to write the title of the colloquium in my last email.  Sorry.
 
National Central University
               Astronomy Colloquium

         2:00 pm, 20 December 2002 (Friday)
       Science Building IV, Conf. Room, Rm 1013                    
       
       Speaker:  Prof. Yi-Jehng Kuan
              Department of Earth Sciences           National Taiwan
Normal University

Title: Prebiologically Important Interstellar Molecules
 

Abstract:

Understanding the organic chemistry of molecular clouds, particularly the
formation of biologically important molecules, is fundamental to the
study
of the processes which lead to the origin, evolution and distribution of
life in the Galaxy. Determining the level of molecular complexity
attainable
in the clouds, and the nature of the complex organic material available
to
protostellar disks and the planetary systems that form from them,
requires
an understanding of the possible chemical pathways and is therefore a
central
question in Astrochemistry.  Although many organics can be produced in
gas
phase reactions, reactions on the surfaces of cold interstellar dust
grains
are probably the major source of  complex  organic  material.  Gas phase
millimeter-wave observations of hot molecular cores, where icy grain
mantles
have recently been evaporated, offer the prospect of studying the
products of
grain surface chemistry directly.  We have thus searched in Sgr
B2(N-LMH),
W51 e1/e2 and Orion-KL for prebiologically important molecules
Pyrimidine,
2H-Azirine, Aziridine and Glycine.  Detections of these organic molecules
in
the interstellar space will have important implications for Astrobiology.
Some of our results will be presented.
 
 
 
Yi Chou

