From wyhwang@phys.ntu.edu.tw Tue Oct  7 20:44:10 2003
Date: Sat, 27 Sep 2003 23:25:25 +0800 (CST)
From: Pauchy W-Y.Hwang <wyhwang@phys.ntu.edu.tw>
To: astro@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw, twhepnet@hepmail.phys.sinica.edu.tw
Subject: CosPA 2003: An updated program. (fwd)

                                                      September 27, 2003
Dear Colleagues:

     I am writing to update you on the information of the International
Symposium on Cosmology and Particle Astrophysics (CosPA 2003), also an
APCTP external activity, previously postponed due to the SARS epidemic in
Asia but now fixed to be November 13 (Thursday) - November (Saturday),
2003 followed by a one-day post-conference tour. Your participation, with
possibly an oral presentation, is still highly encouraged.

     To make it a high-quality conference, we have recently sent out
additional invitations with positive responses. With a couple of 
final decisions/confirmations to be made, we are happy to announce that we
now expect to have an extremely exciting scientific program as follows:

I. CMB Cosmology:

   Session A:
     George Smoot (Berkeley, USA)
     *Bruce Winstein (on CAPMAP, Chicago, USA)
     Paul Ho (on AMiBA, Academia Sinica, Taiwan)
     Paul Richards (Berkeley, USA)
   Session B:
     Franscois Bouchet (on PLANCK, France)
     Some One on WMAP (Princeton, USA)
     Mike Hobson (on VSA, Cambridge, UK)
     Shaul Hanany (on MAXIPOL, Minnesota, USA)
     Ettore Carretti (on BaR-SPOrt, Italy)
     C.-L. Kuo (Caltech, USA)
   Session C:
     Tzihong Chiueh (NTU, Taiwan)
     Kin-Wang Ng (Academia Sinica, Taiwan)
     J.-H. Proty Wu (NTU, Taiwan)
     Mikkel B. Johnson (Los Alamos, USA)
     L.S. Kisslinger (Carnegie-Mellon, USA)

II. Dark Energy and Dark Matter:

     Paul Steinhardt (Princeton, USA)
     A. Zee (ITP/UCSB, USA)
     Robert Caldwell (Dartmouth, USA)
     Shamit Kachru (Stanford, USA)
     Varun Sahni (IUCCA, India)
     Gary Shiu (Wisconsin, USA)
     Pisin Chen (SLAC, USA)
     W-Y. P. Hwang (NTU, Taiwan)

III. Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays:

     Pierre Sokolsky (on HiRes, Utah, USA)
     Shigeru Yoshida (on AGASA, Chiba, Japan)
     Makoto Sasaki (on ASHRA, Tokyo, Japan)
     Wei-Shu Hou (on NuTel, NTU, Taiwan)
     Venya Berezinsky (INFN, Italy)

IV. Neutrino Astrophysics and Cosmology:

     E.M. Henley (U. Washington, USA)
     B.H.J. McKellar (Melbourne, Australia)
     Sandip Pakvasa (Hawaii, USA)
     Stefano Cecchini (INFN, Italy)
     Xiao-Gang He (NTU, Taiwan)

V. New Physics:

     John D. Barrow (Cambridge, UK)
     Jihn E. Kim (Seoul, Korea)
     Bob Yee Hsiung (on KTeV, NTU, Taiwan)
     Paoti Chang (on KEK/Belle, NTU, Taiwan)
     Masayuki Koga (Tohoku, Japan)
     Chen-You Liu (Los Alamos, USA)
     Henry T.-K. Wong (Academia Sinica, Taiwan)

Many more oral presentations are yet to be added to the above list - the
information shall be updated from time to time and will be posted on the
conference website http://www.cospa.ntu.edu.tw. On-line registration on
the website, or writing to the secretary wcchen@phys.ntu.edu.tw, should
be possible.

     In passing, I would like to mention that all the local expenses,
including the hotel accommodation, local transportations (such as airport
pick-up, post-conference tour, and those during the meeting), meals, and
coffee breaks, shall be taken care of by the conference organizers.

     Each speaker has been requested to provide us the title and detailed
abstract of the talk as soon as possible - to be immediately put up on
the conference website for other speakers and potential participants to
visit. During the meeting, the speaker will be asked to leave a copy of
the power point file, or the transparencies, of the talk - again for the
website dissemination or the xerox-copy distributions. The conference
proceedings will be published as a special volume of Modern Physics Letter
A - the choice of the journal is yet to be finalized. 

                                            Yours sincerely,    

                                            W-Y. Pauchy Hwang
                                            P.I., Taiwan CosPA Project

